> The Princess and the Kaiser
>  by UnknownError
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

> Part One
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

Flurry Heart slammed her horn against the iron frame of the bed. Tears sprang from her eyes as she wailed in pain. Still, she persisted, bringing her horn down again and again. The ring around her horn remained stubbornly fixed as she pantomimed trying to remove it.

The old dog barked something in that brutal tongue of the griffons, waving his paws in a gesture that might have been comforting if it had not come from a slab of meat thrice her size.

“I don’t speak your stupid language,” Flurry scolded through her tears. “Prench, idiot, or Aquileian, I don’t care which.”

The dog huffed and let his paws dangle uselessly by his sides. His uniform was surprisingly plain, a simple brown jacket and pants, with a ceremonial sword on one hip and a holster on the other. Flurry still wore her frilled pink dress with a high white collar, although her tiara had been left behind in her bedchambers.

Aquileia was a strange place, the only griffon-held area where ponies and griffons lived together in relative harmony. Flurry had heard stories that the eastern borderlands were consumed in fire and blood between the races, but the Aquileian monarchs had always protected their Pony subjects. Even when the Revolution came, it was not divided by race; Ponies and Griffons marched and fought together against their brothers and sisters.

Aquileia had been a kingdom, a vassal of the Griffonian Reich, a republic, a restored kingdom, then finally a second republic. The Republicans had made the change stick by beheading King Discret early and exiling his daughter Vivienne east. Flurry liked to imagine that Vivienne and her Aunties sat around the same table in the River Republic to the east, grumbling over their rights and titles.

The Republicans had been wary of her father when he crossed from New Mareland to offer his services in their army. They had an innate distrust of monarchs, even princes without a princedom. Shining Armor had persisted, swearing to uphold the ideals of the Republic and renouncing his claim to the Crystal Empire and Equestria. Flurry had been appalled.

“How could you?” she railed at him when she had caught the announcement over the radio; the Republicans were using it as propaganda. “Mom believed in the Empire with all her heart. The Crystal Ponies believed in you! What will they think when they hear this? When we go back to the Empire-”

“We won’t go back,” Shining Armor said, adjusting the buttons on his blue dress shirt. He had been made a Lieutenant. It was a disgrace; her father had commanded the entire army of the Crystal Empire, millions of ponies, and the Republicans had given him the rank of Lieutenant.

“Auntie Celestia and Luna are rebuilding the fleet in New Mareland. They’ve announced an alliance of free nations.”

“With who?” Shining had asked.

“The radio didn’t say,” Flurry replied.

“Because there is no alliance. There is no one left to appeal to.” Shining knelt before his daughter to look her in the eyes. His own eyes were sunken and eternally bloodshot. He had aged a decade in half the time. His blue mane had a few streaks of white had matched his coat.

“Flurry,” he began, “New Mareland doesn’t have the Ponies to retake Equestria. It doesn’t have the ships and it doesn’t have the equipment. Everypony and everygriffon know it.”

“You could help them,” Flurry tried.

“I won’t help them fight a doomed war,” her father dismissed. “Not after they left Twilight. New Mareland only existed on Griffonia with Equestria’s help.”

Her father seemed prophetic when New Mareland was invaded by Wingbardy three months later, ostensibly to reclaim long-lost territory. Celestia and Luna’s grand army to reclaim Equestria crumbled in two weeks. The Sisters fled on a convoy east, given shelter by the River Coalition. No army followed them.

As far as anyone was concerned, Flurry Heart was the last serious Princess of Ponies at the age of nine. She had been afraid that the Aquileians would view her unkindly; the streets of Aquileia were cluttered with posters reminding its citizens of the cruelty of their monarchs and how they oppressed their griffons and ponies alike. They had not asked her to renounce her crown, nor would she, even if her father urged her. Flurry Heart had a duty to everypony, and she would see that duty through to the end.

Like her mother.

Instead, the opposite occurred. Aquileans were a romantic people, much like the Crystal Ponies. Flurry became the Lost Princess and a minor celebrity, and her father’s devotion to his family and the Republic was celebrated with a promotion to Colonel. Shining Armor didn’t cry.

Her father had wept when he heard that Cadance was staying behind with the Crystal Heart during the retreat. He had been in a field command tent in Rainbow Falls, trying to coordinate desperate pockets of resistance against Changeling panzers. He ran out of tears by the time he heard that Twilight stayed in Canterlot while Auntie Celestia and Luna retreated. He had formed a shield over the Sisters one night in Manehatten, screaming at them. Flurry and the soldiers couldn't hear what he said through the spell.

It was the last time her father ever spoke to her aunts. He never said, but Flurry knew even at seven years old that he only left with the other Princesses to keep her safe. 

Flurry was still surprised when he woke her up early one morning in their New Mareland apartment and took her across the short channel to the Aquileian Republic. She was barely awake when she met a nice griffon girl in front of some cameras and shook her claw. 

She didn’t realize it was the President of the Republic until after breakfast. 

Flurry had been assigned a tutor to learn Aquileian, a young black griffon that had cringed at her Prench accent. Luckily for him, Flurry had learned quickly. Unluckily, he also had to tutor Shining Armor, who still kept his Prench accent despite his best efforts.

It had been a quiet life compared to New Mareland. Aquileian style hid her oversized wings in a poofy dress when she went out with her father, and her friends, cubs and foals of Shining’s new officers, complained that Flurry was too nice to be the evil queen in Tyrants and Revolutionaries. Aquileia fought a few short wars with its neighbors, then announced an alliance with the Griffonian Republic and the Skyfall Trade Federation. Flurry Heart looked at her father’s map when she was nine and asked him what was happening.

“Aquileia is getting some friends to stand up to the Griffonian Reich,” Shining said, gesturing to the center of the map with a quill. “With the Republic in the north and Skyfall controlling the ocean, Aquileia is to the south. The Reich is trapped. They have to fight everywhere.”

“Why are they fighting?”

“You remember all the Grovers,” Shining sighed, “or else I have to hunt down Sunburst.”

“I remember!” Flurry lied, “Grover One used his guns. Grover Two beat you black and blue. Grover Three made fees. Grover Four ate more. Grover Five is alive!”

“Rhyme’s out of date,” Shining chuckled, “Grover the Fifth died several years ago. His son, Grover the Sixth, is about your age.”

Flurry stuck out her tongue. “Is he nice?”

Shining paused, tapping a hoof on the floor. “We never met him. Equestria always disagreed with the Reich about war. His regent is in charge, like Sunburst, but far stricter and meaner.”

“So, he has to do what the regent says?”

“At his age, yes,” Shining swept the quill up and down half the continent, “The Reich used to control everything. Right after I was born, there was a big war and everygriffon decided to split up. The regent says they’re going to take everything back.”

Flurry stared at the map for a long time, squinting. The Griffonian Reich would be the size of Equestria if it controlled that much stuff. She shifted her focus to Equestria, drawn in black to represent its occupation by the Changelings.

“Dad?”

“Yes, Flurry?”

“You’re gonna stop them, right?”

“I’m going to try, Flurry,” He would have said ‘yes’, a few years ago.

Shining Armor tried. He was put in charge of a critical holding point in the frontline when the war finally broke out. He didn’t hug her goodbye, nor did he promise to return. Flurry caught enough snippets on the radio from the basement to know it wasn’t going well, but she didn’t tell the other foals. The north had been pushed back, and the navy was doing well but out of fuel. 

One day, there was gunfire outside and the adults left with their guns and didn’t come back. Flurry stayed with three of her friends, technically in charge because she was oldest and a Princess. They ran out of food after four days, and Flurry decided that she needed to go check if the neighbors had any left. The gunfire was very loud, but had moved several streets away. Flurry guessed that the fighting was mostly over. Flurry put on her frilly dress and left her crown behind.

Flurry Heart walked over several bodies in the street while she was looking for food. She had seen dead ponies before, during the retreat from the Empire despite Sunburst’s best efforts, but the Griffons were new. She spared them a cursory glance before closing their eyes with magic. She didn’t recognize any of them.

Flurry ran into a group of Griffon soldiers in unfamiliar gray uniforms on the way back. She actually passed by them without issue until one of her saddlebags slipped off her wing. One soldier took notice and shouted a challenge, then looked jubilant when Flurry turned around and stared at him.

He was young with golden feathers and babbled excitedly as he approached, speaking the language of the Griffonian heartland. Flurry never learned it, but recognized her name being spoken several times. Flurry waited until the griffon got close, then summoned a bright blue shield around herself.

“I have to get this back to my friends, sorry,” she said in Aquileian.

The soldier looked confused at the shield while some of his friends laughed at him. After a moment, he tapped on the shield with a claw.

Flurry shook her head and walked away, taking the shield with her.

The soldier pounded on the shield with the butt of his rifle.

“Hey!” Flurry shouted, “Don’t do that, it makes my horn hurt.” She turned away again and continued down the street.

There was a gunshot and Flurry’s horn itched. She sighed and turned around as the Griffon lowered his rifle, glaring at Flurry. His friends stumbled up behind him shouting angrily, not at Flurry, but at him. He sneered something over his beak back at them before working the bolt on his rifle.

Flurry dropped the shield, seized his rifle with her magic, ejected the clip, and disassembled the rifle like her father showed her. 

She blinked and let the parts fall to the ground. One of the other griffons, an older male with a graying head, stepped forward.

“Princess Flurry Heart?” he asked in heavily-accented Aquileian.

“Yes,” Flurry replied as she brought her shield back up and began to walk away. He followed at a respectful distance.

“The battle is over. Could you come with us, please?”

“No, I have stuff for my friends.”

The griffon looked thoughtful. “Food?”

“Yes.”

“You have much food?”

Flurry eyed her meager bags. It wasn’t even enough for her. “No,” she replied.

“If we give you food, will you come with us?”

“Are you asking if I will surrender if you help my friends?” Flurry sighed.

The griffon stopped walking after her, either surprised or needing a moment to parse her words.

“You are not a prisoner,” he flapped his wings to catch up.

That was a lie, and Flurry felt stupid for not realizing it at the time. She soon found herself with an inhibitor ring on her horn and stuffed inside an unused bedroom in occupied Aquileia.

At least my friends got some rations, Flurry thought. The old brown dog had been waiting in the bedroom and seemed content to let Flurry wander around, talking idly in his language while Flurry spoke Aquileian back. After several hours, Flurry began to ram her horn against the bedframe. She could have melted the ring off, but Flurry risked taking half the building with it. She had no idea where she'd go even if she escaped. The old dog gave up trying to talk to her just as a pair of Griffon knights entered the room and spoke to him. The dog waved at Flurry to follow him.

Flurry was led by the knights and dog into the courtyard outside Parliament. Once, it was the royal palace of the Discrets; the republicans had turned the building into their Parliamentary chambers. Judging from the banners haphazardly dangling from the balconies, it was back to being a seat of royalty. The banners were yellow and orange, depicting a proud griffon in black relief- the symbol of the Griffonian Reich.

Before the doors to the central chamber, the knight in shining plate armor and a blue plume whirled around and faced Flurry. Placing his claws flush against the ground, he spread his wings and raised his beak to the sky, proclaiming a grand stream of unintelligible garble.

The old dog behind her laughed, and the griffon scowled under his helmet. They exchanged some harsh words before the griffon’s wings deflated and he cast an embarrassed glance at Flurry before waving at the griffons standing before the doors. They pushed them open and the guards ushered Flurry through. There were armed guards throughout the Parliamentary chamber, spread out along the walls and standing between the scattered desks. All of them cast wary stares at the alicorn.

Flurry blinked at the young griffon wearing an impractically heavy crown. He was seated in the Speaker’s chair, wearing a simple white dress shirt and blue slacks with a small set of spectacles resting awkwardly on his beak. If not for the emerald and ruby studded crown, Flurry would have dismissed him as a high school student. The griffon blinked back at her, then adjusted his oversized crown. An absolutely ancient griffon in red and white priestly robes stood beside him and waved a shaking claw at a purple Aquileian pony.

“Princess Flurry Heart of the Crystal Empire and Equestria,” the pony began in Aquileian, “you stand before Kaiser Grover VI of the Griffonian Reich, rightful heir to Aquileia, Wingbardy, the Borderlands and the North.”

They kept my titles, Flurry thought. She spread out her wings and bent her forelegs in a sweeping bow. “I greet you humbly and beg for your mercy, Kaiser,” Flurry replied in Aquileian. The pony spoke to the Kaiser in Herzlander, the Kaiser’s brutal native tongue. The Kaiser replied back as soon as the pony finished, and the flustered pony translated to Flurry.

“There is no need to beg, Princess. The Kaiser has sworn you shall not be harmed.” 

“Then I beg for the lives of all Aquileians, Kaiser. They are a kind and just people, but my friends hide from your army, hungry and without their parents. I feared they would cast my father and I aside due to our crowns, but they embraced us as family.”

The pony translated, and this time the old griffon replied.

“The Kaiser has no desire to harm his subjects, as misguided as they may be. The Kaiser promises that your friends will be fed. He also wishes your father to surrender, and pledges that he will not be harmed,” the Pony translated.

Flurry closed her eyes, “My father is dead.”

The young griffon appeared confused before the Pony translated. He asked the old priest beside him, and they conversed in whispers for a moment. The old griffon spoke and the pony translated.

“The Kaiser encourages you to have hope. Colonel Shining Armor is a fierce fighter, and has given the Kaiser’s army much trouble.”

“That’s why I know he’s dead,” Flurry replied, staring at the small griffon. “If he were alive, you would not be in that chair.”

The Kaiser’s wings twitched and he lowered his beak. The old griffon beside him was far better at masking his emotions. The pony looked between the Princess and the Kaiser for a moment.

“Translate it,” Flurry demanded.

The pony stuttered, but spoke to the Kaiser in Herzlander with her head held low and forelegs bent in supplication. The old griffon began to reply harshly, but the Kaiser’s head snapped up and he issued a sharp rebuke to the priest. The griffon’s eyebrows wrinkled further, but he instead turned and called to the guards against the door. He spoke quickly to the pony.

“The Kaiser and his regent, Archon Eros VII, share your grief, Princess Flurry. The Kaiser’s father was also taken far too soon from this world by Boreas. The Kaiser still encourages you to have hope, for his esteemed friends in the Changeling Queendom bring wonderful news.” The Aquileian pony’s mouth had twisted during the spiel, unable to keep a straight face.

Flurry Heart turned around as the doors opened again and two Changelings swaggered in. There was really no other word for it, Flurry thought. The one in the lead bore a fez and a chest of medals on a crisp uniform that had never seen a day of combat. The other, lagging behind with a slight limp, tracked mud onto the red carpeting. His uniform was rumpled, with only three medals hanging askew on his chest.

The fez-wearing changeling offered Flurry an easy smirk, purple eyes smiling with delight. 

“Greetings, Flurry Heart. I am Field Marshal Synoval with the Changeling embassy to the great Griffonian Reich,” he stated in Equestrian. He buzzed a wing towards his partner. “This is General Thranx, fresh from the frontlines. We are very pleased to meet you.” Thranx offered a brief nod, but did not make eye contact.

Flurry took a slow breath through her nose, resisting the urge to paw at the ground with her hoof. 

“I wish I could share your enthusiasm,” she lied in Equestrian.

Synoval obviously caught her lie, but lowered his head in sorrow anyway. 

“We are sorry to hear about your father. He was a great opponent in the Righteous War against Equestria; the Queen was eager to see him again.”

“I’m sure she was,” Flurry replied noncommittally. She stilled her twitching wings.

Synoval took Flurry’s attitude in stride. 

“Queen Chrysalis, in her magnanimous mercy, even allowed your dearest mother, Mi Amore Cadenza, to travel here to urge your father’s surrender. We make an offer to you, Flurry Heart. You may travel together back to the Crystal City and share your grief.” Synoval removed his fez with a flash of his horn. “As a family,” he added.

Cadance appeared in the doorway, surrounded by a squad of Jaegers, the elite Changeling troops. The old dog stood behind Cadance, shuffling his paws.

Flurry Heart remembered her mother standing before the Crystal Heart, clad in specially-made purple barding, enchanted to resist high-caliber small arms fire. She would have made an impressive figure if her eyes weren’t so sunken and hollow as she stared at the glowing Heart.

My family or my throne. Love is the death of duty, Flurry. I will always love you, but I cannot leave them, not again, not after so much loss.

Flurry had been too young to understand. She had cried incessantly on the long journey east to Manehatten, traveling at night to avoid Changeling bombing runs. When her father finally boarded the last convoy to depart, she clung to his legs with all her strength. 

He cried too, but for Twilight as well.

Flurry seized a hold of that memory as she faced this Cadance, who was too clean, too trim. Her purple and gold mane was done up in the old, poofy style that Cadance had abandoned after long nights at her desk; her wings were preened with no feather out of place. Her horn had a simple black ring at the base, the same as Flurry. 

This Cadance wore no regalia, only a simple purple dress. A lone tear emerged from her right eye as she strode towards her daughter. “Oh, my Little Wings,” she began, using the ironic nickname her mother had sparingly used in private, “I’ve missed you so much. My heart broke a thousand times a day.”

“She was so miserable that a Changeling couldn’t bear to get near her,” Synoval added from her side. The other Changeling, Thranx, wouldn’t make eye contact with Flurry and backed out of the way.

Flurry gripped the memory tighter in her mind. “Dad’s gone,” she rasped with fresh, snotty tears.

Cadance allowed another solitary tear to slide down her muzzle. 

“I should have been here with Shining. He would have never gone to fight if we were together again.” She stopped a few hooves from Flurry and looked down at her daughter, “I could see his shield blocking the Griffon tanks from the harbor. Aquileia did not deserve him.”

Flurry looked at the gas-masked Jaegers around Cadance, who stared back impassively. 

“We thought you were dead.”

“Sometimes I wished I was,” Cadance responded. “Queen Chrysalis wanted to study the Heart, and needed my cooperation.” She gave a somewhat baleful glance to the Jaeger on her right. “I remind myself that it would be worse for our Ponies if I refused.”

That actually sounded almost like her mother. Flurry stepped forward on trembling hooves, pawing at the carpet. Summoning her most desperate voice, she asked, “C-can we go home now, Mom?”

“Of course, Little Wings,” Cadance gasped as another tear slid down her muzzle.

Flurry rushed forward and embraced her mother. The last hug had been muffled by plate armor and hard steel. It was uncomfortable. Flurry wrapped her wings around Cadance’s forelegs as she lent fully into her chest, smearing her snot into the dress. Flurry tucked her head under Cadance’s chin. Cadance was warm and soft.

This hug was almost perfect.

Flurry’s horn had an inhibitor ring around the base, but the tip was still sharp. When she was bored, Flurry would sweep her old drawings into the air with her wings and spear the paper on her horn in one movement. Her father had caught her once; it was one of the rare moments where he truly laughed.

Flurry leaned down, sniffling, then drove her horn up into Cadance’s neck.

Cadance shifted at the last moment, so the horn instead rammed through the bottom of her jaw. Flurry felt a hot wash of blood splash across her curls and run down her horn as she smiled. The room devolved into screams in Herzlander. Cadance gurgled a command to the Jaegers in the same language, but Flurry’s wings held Cadance’s forelegs in place long enough for Flurry to get one good twist in before stars exploded across her vision as a rifle butt smashed her head away.

By the time Flurry shook her vision clear, she realized that the figure straddling her was the old dog, who had drawn his very sharp, not-at-all ceremonial sword and was hacking apart a Changeling Jaeger lying next to her.

Cadance had torn off a sleeve of her dress and shoved it against her muzzle with magic. Cadance’s green-tinged magic was seemingly not hampered by the supposed ring on her horn. She glared venomously at Flurry with green eyes and batted away the horrified Field Marshal with a hoof. The other general in the muddy uniform stood against a desk, looking bored and miserable. Some of the Griffon Knights were fighting with the other Jaegers at the entrance. Flurry leaned her head back against the ground to get an upside-down look at the young Kaiser and his regent.

The young griffon had discarded his crown and was crouched behind the desk. The old regent was behind him, squawking an order at a Griffon knight. The kaiser and the princess made eye contact; his glasses were askew on his beak.

Flurry grinned at him, tasting blood in her mouth. There was a good chance it wasn’t hers.

The Kaiser’s gold eyes widened, then he steeled himself and leaped onto the desk, screeching some command in a high, reedy voice.

Surprisingly, the violence stopped. The old dog remained standing over Flurry, but stopped hacking at the Jaeger, who slowly crawled towards Cadance and the other Changelings. Field Marshal Synoval, whose fez rested at an angle now, began a long-winded tirade, pointing a hole-ridden hoof at the dog and Flurry the whole time. Flurry assumed it to be about her, but the dog seemed braced for violence and his back paws twitched several times throughout the speech.

The Kaiser cut the Changeling off midway through at some point, which further enraged Cadance, who spat out green, bloody phlegm and mumbled some warning. The old priest, Archon Eros, waved a shaking claw again and again at Cadance, pleading something and speaking softly.

Flurry watched the exchange from her back, glancing back and forth between the Changelings and Griffons and resolving to learn Herzlander. The Kaiser gave her one last glance before speaking to the old priest, who sighed and bowed his head towards the Changelings.

The Changelings looked more enraged than mollified, but Cadance stormed out of the room, hobbling on three legs while she clenched the rags to her muzzle. Field Marshal Synoval and the Jaegers followed, pausing only to drag the wounded one out. He left a blood trail on the carpet. 

When the doors slammed shut in a burst of green magic, General Thranx, the muddy changeling seemingly left behind, slumped down against the desk and laughed. The old dog atop Flurry laughed with him after a beat. The dog looked down at Flurry with kind brown eyes, sheathed his bloody sword and offered a paw to help her up. Flurry accepted it, and stumbled back to her hooves.

The dog looked around the room before pointing at one of the delegate desks and barking. The Aquileian pony, a mare, poked her horn out from behind the desk and looked embarrassed. She blinked when the Kaiser addressed her, then turned to Flurry.

“The Kaiser will speak privately with you, Princess Flurry. Please follow Benito.”

The dog clapped a meaty paw on her wing.
> Part Two
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

Flurry followed the dog, Benito, out a side door, then through several hallways and workrooms. The Griffon guard presence increased exponentially in this side of the Royal Palace; Flurry guessed they were in the West Wing. After several minutes of walking, Flurry realized they were traveling through the same hallways multiple times, turning sharply at intersections guarded by knights. The dog finally stopped at a plain, unguarded wooden door and rapidly ushered Flurry in.

It was a storage room for cleaning staff. Metal shelves lined the walls, packed with towels, cleaning spray, and some spare uniforms. Benito shut the only door behind her and stood to the side of it against one of the shelves. There was only one bulb to light the room, which left it gloomy. He drew the saber again, placing it on the shelf next to him, and unholstered his pistol. There were no windows and one exit. He looked the shelves over for a moment before giving Flurry a critical look. He pointed at some towels on the shelf beside him.

Flurry took the hint and pulled down some towels with her hooves. She flapped her wings and pulled down a jug of water on one of the higher shelves, popping it open with her teeth and pouring it over her head, soaking her bloody curls and ignored how the frills on her dress collar collapsed. After a few moments of rapidly scrubbing at her mane and bumping against the inhibitor ring, she spoke up.

“You know,” she began in Aquileian, knowing Benito couldn’t understand her, “this would be easier without the ring.”

“I forget,” the dog replied. “Come,” he beckoned his unarmed paw at her.

Flurry blinked, “You know Aquileian?”

“Some. I sit with Kaiser during teach,” Benito raised his muzzle up. “Kaiser know much Aquileian.”

“I thought so,” Flurry replied.

“How?”

“He responded too quickly during the talks,” Flurry said, but Benito’s muzzle twisted and he shrugged at her. “Kaiser talk too fast,” she simplified.

“Not good,” Benito frowned, “Changelings will know.”

“I thought the Changelings are your friends.”

“Only Thranx,” Benito said gravely, then raised a brow at her. “How old is pony?” he asked.

“Ten.”

“Kaiser ten,” Benito chuckled, "and much smart too."

When Flurry approached, he grabbed the ring around her horn and twisted it clockwise and counterclockwise several times. “Dog make ring,” he said while he worked, “Ring hurt pony, use Pony magic to hurt pony. Trick to turn ring off.” He pulled the ring off her horn smoothly.

“Like breaking into a safe,” Flurry replied, sparking her horn. She took a deep breath and felt the magic all around her. As the only natural-born Alicorn in recorded history, scholars had been clambering around Flurry her entire life to study her magic. Her mother had vocally told off any that approached the family, and Sunburst never pressured her to learn magic, not after the troubles of her early foalhood. Her father had been more active, throwing one unicorn that broke into the Crystal Palace in jail and having Aunt Twilight revoke his credentials. Nopony tried to investigate after that, though the war had everyone occupied. 

All Alicorns had a domain, something that spoke to them uniquely over everything else. Cadance could sense love and relationships, something that she used to empower the Crystal Heart and frequently mock Chrysalis over the radio, pointing out that Changeling prisoners of war never felt true love for their Queen, only fear. Auntie Twilight had friendship, both familial and forged in war and adversity. Celestia had the sun and light, and her sister Luna had dreams and the moon. Flurry always told anypony who asked that she wasn’t sure yet, even her father.

When she looked at Benito’s pistol, she could tell it had been fired, not in anger, but in duty. It had killed, she sensed, and will kill again for the Kaiser. She saw magic drift from the blood on the sword resting on the shelf, as new blood covered old stains. Benito favored the sword; it was part of his heritage. Flurry knew that the dogs of the Griffonian Empire held fierce loyalty to the Kaiser, and she felt the loyalty of generations in the blade. The blood told her another story.

“You killed the Changeling that hit me,” she said, looking away from the sword.

Benito glanced at the sword. “No,” he replied. “Bug leave with others. Strong armor,” he laughed.

“He’ll die tonight.”

Benito looked confused, but a rapid-fire knock at the door cut off any reply. He tensed and grabbed the sword with his other paw and leveled the pistol against the door. Flurry stepped back and leaned against the shelf on the opposite side of the closet. The knock repeated in a pattern three times before Benito sighed and knocked back with the butt of his pistol.

The Kaiser entered with the old priest. The old priest took a moment to smooth his red and white plain robe, while the Kaiser still lacked his crown; his dress shirt was untucked from his slacks and rumpled, but his small glasses had been straightened. Flurry realized she was already taller than him when he stopped a just a few hooves away.

Two knights stood in the hallway, and they would have entered, but the closet was already too cramped. Flurry backed up against the back shelf, scrunching her tail and dress as the elderly griffon squeezed past Benito and shuffled next to the Kaiser. Flurry lit her horn and provided a proper ball of light to illuminate the room as Benito shut the door. The old priest flinched and said something to Benito, who responded defensively with crossed paws.

“It is fine,” the young Kaiser replied, looking Flurry over with a blush around his eyes. Flurry’s mane hung loosely around her head, still wet.

“I only know some Aquileian," Grover began with a slight accent. "I learn all the languages of my subjects. I do not know Equestrian.”

“That is fine,” Flurry nodded. Her own Aquileian was better.

“I am Grover-”

“He is Kaiser Grover VI of the Griffonian Reich,” the priest cut him off in heavily accented Aquileian, “rightful heir to the lands of Aquileia, Wingbardy, Cloudberry, Vedina, and the Evi Valley.” Kaiser Grover gave him a look.

“I am Grover,” the Kaiser sighed. “And this is my regent, Archon Eros.”

“My name is Flurry,” the Princess said. “Why am I in a closet?”

“The Changelings wish you harm.”

Flurry snorted, “Is that meant to be a surprise?”

“You attacked your mother,” Eros stated.

“My mother,” Flurry began, “is dead. She stayed behind with the Crystal Heart, shielding the Crystal City from bombers.” She shook her head. “Even if she wasn’t dead, Chrysalis would never let her travel here. They always hated each other.”

She looked at Eros, “Was I expected to fall for that?”

“It was not our plan,” the old griffon took an effort to shrug.

“Synoval and Thranx have been part of the Changeling advisors to us for several years,” Grover said. “Synoval presented Cadance just before you came. I am glad you did not fall for it,” Grover smiled.

“It was obvious,” Flurry scoffed.

“Which poses a problem,” Eros said. “Because you just attacked Queen Chrysalis.”

Flurry threw her head back and laughed, causing Benito to jump and look at the door. Flurry spread her wings and knocked some cleaning supplies off the shelves as she laughed again at the Archon’s dour look.

“I didn’t think you were funny,” Flurry said to him, settling her wings. “Are you this funny in your language?”

“It’s true,” Eros glared. Grover was blushing at her wings.

“If they told you that ‘Cadance’ was Chrysalis, they were lying. She spends all her time in that stupid tower in the Changeling Lands, sucking up love and getting fat,” Flurry rolled her eyes.

Grover choked down a laugh at Eros’ glare.

“General Thranx told us,” Eros said, "it is meant to be a secret, but he has a soft spot for our Kaiser."

Flurry felt a block of ice fall into her stomach. 

“She arrived unexpectedly at the dockyards in Skyfall to the north," Eros continued, "She brought a convoy of Jaegers and fresh Panzer tanks as a gift from the embassy.” Eros squinted at her. “Officially, Queen Chrysalis is still in the Changeling Lands. She sent a telegram to congratulate our conquest of Aquileia. There will be a meeting at the capitol in Griffenheim in a few days, where the embassy will request you and your father be given over to them.”

Flurry took a deep breath through her nose and closed her eyes. She hugged the mare that almost certainly killed her mother, Twilight, and her home. She tricked and almost killed that mare in a single moment. Flurry couldn’t stop the smile, but the ice remained in her stomach.

“I always heard that she was bad at pretending to be my mom,” Flurry deflected.

“She’s here for you and your father,” Eros summarized. “Wingbardy refused Changeling help when they took New Mareland and the Sisters escaped to the River Republic. I’m sure Chrysalis wants them too,” the Archon sighed. "It is a miracle that she kept up the disguise after you attacked her. She must be too proud to admit she was nearly killed by a filly."

Flurry looked at the glowing orb illuminating the room as she sized up the other occupants. “Why,” she repeated, “am I in a closet?”

“I asked Benito to take you here,” Grover replied.

“Why?” Flurry asked again.

“Because you are…” Grover paused and lifted up a claw to his beak. “You are…under my wing?” he said uncertainly. Flurry blushed and her wings fluttered.

Lucky I'm already pink, Flurry thought.

“The Kaiser means that you are under his protection,” Eros cut in, flustered. “It is a saying in the Herzland. You have pleaded for mercy before the Kaiser, and he has pledged your safety. The Changelings are our guests, but they will not respect that.”

“They demanded you be given over to them. Archon Eros bought some time, but you must leave,” Grover said, “Chrysalis will hunt you; she is very angry. We cannot take you back to Griffenheim.” Grover gave the Archon a wry look. “I am ten, and still a silly cub. The Archon will convince me to take away your protection, but you will be gone.”

"Where is Chrysalis now?" Flurry asked.

Grover shrugged his wings, "In the east wing of the palace with the other Changelings." He blinked as Flurry's horn sparked with a bolt of electricity, then shook his head, "You surprised her, but she will be surrounded by her best guards."

"She defeated Celestia before the war during your parent's wedding," Eros reminded.

"That is not that great of an achievement," Flurry replied. 

The Archon swallowed to suppress a chuckle. "Even if I believed you could best her, she is technically our ally. We would be obligated to defend her, even from an alicorn."

"Please," Grover implored as he clasped his claws together, "you are under my wing. Do not try to fight her."

Flurry's blue eyes looked into Grover's gold, then she dismissed the static around her horn with a sigh.

“I need to find my father.” Flurry changed tactics. “I won’t let him be buried in some ditch.”

“Your father shielded Flowena during the advance. It held off our tanks for a week before collapsing. The city is mostly rubble; we lost far too many griffons in street fighting,” Eros dismissed. "We aren't even sure he is dead, neither are the Aquileians we captured, including Président Gaudreau."

“He would have come for me. I will find my father. You cannot deny me that,” Flurry demanded.

“Listen,” Eros stepped forward in the cramped space and grabbed her muzzle. His claw didn’t shake anymore. “If your father is alive, he would want you to escape. If he is dead, then he died fighting a war against us for nothing, and you are the last of your line. We did not want to kill him, but he chose to be our enemy,” Eros spat. “He could have stayed here with you.”

“Love is the death of duty,” Flurry replied around his talon.

Eros looked at her strangely and removed his talon. “An odd saying,” he remarked. “Your father’s?”

“My mother’s.”

“A strange saying for the Princess of Love,” Eros replied dubiously.

“It was the last thing she said to me,” Flurry replied, “before I was sent east with the retreating forces.”

Grover stepped forward in the small closet and held a claw up towards the glowing orb. The light reflected on his glasses.

“Princess Flurry Heart,” he began in a squeaky voice. “I swear that your father will be found and given a full burial with honors. He will rest in Griffenheim with my father until you reclaim your empire as I have.”

“Pinkie promise?” Flurry asked.

“What?”

“Cross my heart, hope to fly, stick a cupcake in my eye.” Flurry did the motions as best she could in the cramped space. Grover copied her after a moment, stuttering through the unfamiliar Aquileian. He smiled at her when he finished.

"A strange promise," he commented.

"Breaking it is the fastest way to lose a friend," Flurry said.

Benito’s ear twitched and he listened at the door for a moment before shaking his head.

"I am proud to be your friend, Princess Flurry," Grover stated, "I will fulfill your promise."

“Okay,” Flurry nodded. “How do I get out of here and where do I go?”

“There’s several convoys leaving the harbor, volunteers from the River Republic returning back to the Riverlands,” Eros stated. “They fought for Aquileia, but they don’t want to start a proper war with us,” he grumbled. "Benito will take you."

“I do not want a war with the east. You can go to your Aunties,” Grover said. "We will send a message to the River Republic once you are on the boat."

“No,” Flurry immediately replied. “I don’t want to see them.”

“Why not?” Eros scoffed.

“They quit.”

Grover laughed at the Archon. “You said the same thing."

Benito said something in Herzlander and Grover nodded, much to the Archon’s exasperation.

“There’s a ship leaving for Nova Griffonia with volunteers and refugees, but we are hostile to them,” Eros summarized.

“I forbid our boats from attacking," Grover cut in. "Griffons can leave if they wish; I will not cause my subjects more harm." Grover cleared his throat. "Besides," he admitted, "our boats are not very good.”

“My Kaiser,” Eros said, “we have discussed this.” He ran a claw down his beak.

The regent and his charge argued softly in Herzlander while Flurry thought.

Nova Griffonia was north of Equestria and the Crystal Empire. It was the last bastion of hope on the continent; everyone else had submitted to Chrysalis. Some ponies had fled north during the chaotic retreat, racing to stay ahead of Chrysalis' tanks. The Republic of Nova Griffonia remained officially neutral during the war, but took in any refugees that made it across the border.

“Chrysalis hasn’t attacked them?” Flurry asked, ending the argument.

“We don’t know why,” Eros answered. “Something must be wrong in Equestria.”

“The tanks they just brought are not as good as the one Chrysalis got for my birthday a few years ago,” Grover added. "Thranx taught me how to drive it. These new tanks look cheap."

“I want to go to Nova Griffonia,” Flurry nodded.

Eros gave her a look; the same look of disapproval her father used to give her. “Do you have friends there, Princess?”

“Yes,” Flurry lied, “Crystal Ponies went there during the retreat.” Sunburst's convoy got left behind. He might have made it to the border, Flurry justified to herself.

Eros narrowed his eyes, but Grover clapped his claws together. He spoke in Herzlander rapidly to Benito, then turned to Flurry.

“Benito will take you to the docks. You will get on a boat to Nova Griffonia. You can trust Benito.”

“I do,” Flurry affirmed. 

“Benito will give you money,” Grover continued. “You can find your friends in Nova Griffonia.”

"Your Aquileian is good. You can pass as a local pony at a distance. Can you hide your wings with magic?" Eros asked.

"No," Flurry said and grabbed a uniform off one of the shelves with her magic, then discarded it. She continued rummaging about the shelves until she found one cut for a pony. 

It was a rather bland and unassuming blue jumpsuit meant for cleaning staff. Uncaring of her audience, Flurry tore her dress off with magic and slipped it on.

Benito, Grover, and Eros turned away abruptly with a cough.

“Clearly, none of you have been to Equestria,” she said under her breath.

Flurry had to roll up the sleeves halfway, but her freakish Alicorn height and oversized wings finally paid off, and she filled out the jumpsuit well enough to pass for a teenager. Her wings twitched, stuffed inside the jumpsuit, but Flurry had a lot of practice keeping them still under starched dresses. She cleared her throat and Grover and the Archon turned around, signaling Benito to step into the hallway, weapons drawn.

Grover was still blushing when he looked at Flurry, whose mane had dried into a stringy mess during their conversation. She looked nothing like a princess, but he didn't look much like a kaiser.

“G-good luck, Princess Flurry Heart,” he stammered. “I hope to see you again one day in Nova Griffonia.”

“Thank you, Kaiser Grover,” Flurry replied. “I wish you luck as well.”

Benito stuck his head through the doorway. “We go now,” he said in broken Aquileian.

Flurry and Grover nodded as she brushed past his blushing beak. The Archon looked down at her as she passed him. He opened his beak to say something, but closed it again. As she exited, he finally said “I will pray for your safety, Princess.”

Flurry smiled back and left.

Benito led her for several hours through the streets, bypassing checkpoints and taking side alleys when possible. Apparently, he was well-known enough not to be questioned, and he occasionally ordered several ponies and griffons that were walking behind them seized for questioning by passing Reich soldiers. Flurry wasn’t sure they were Changelings, but Benito never stayed to check. 

There was a massive crowd at the dockyard, and Reich soldiers were clearly overwhelmed trying to keep the native Aquileians under control. Benito shoved his way through the crowd as Flurry followed. His ears pinned back as kept glancing back at her. At the front of the crowd, he grabbed a soldier by the helment and barked something in his face. The Griffon stammered a reply, and Benito grabbed Flurry by the horn and dragged her towards a pier, barreling through the crowd with an escort of soldiers.

They stopped against the railing at the end of the pier, among a crowd of Ponies and Griffons carrying bags. Benito pointed to a ship sailing away. Flurry recognized the Nova Griffonian flag.

“Griffon ship,” he said in Aquileian.

“I can fly,” Flurry said. She braced herself on the railing and began to unzip the jumpsuit.

Benito began to reply, but his ear twitched and he whirled around. In one smooth motion, he unholstered his pistol and jammed it under a unicorn mare’s head and pulled the trigger. The unicorn mare’s own gun tumbled out of her green magic as the crowd screamed and surged away.

“Fly!” Benito barked.

Flurry flew. She tore off her jumpsuit in a flare of magic and flew all the way to the ship, corkscrewing to throw off any bullets, before abruptly crashing onto the deck of the old steamer crowded with wounded and angry griffons. She was utterly naked, her purple and blue mane was a windswept stringy mess, and she did not receive money from Benito.

One griffon with an eye patch leveled a rifle at her. A crowd had gathered on the aft deck to watch her fly towards them as a riot erupted on the docks.

“Stop right there and fly right back,” he growled in Equestrian.

“I can stop or I can fly back, idiot. I can’t do both,” she retorted in Equestrian, earning some wary chuckles from the crowd.

“Think you’re a comedian, filly?” the griffon replied. He was wearing a dirty camouflaged jacket over a bandaged wing.

“No,” Flurry said before stretching her wings out and lighting up her horn with a spark of lightning. “I am Princess Flurry Heart, heir to the Crystal Empire and Equestria.”

“Now, that’s funny,” the griffon laughed and lowered his rifle. “They’re both gone, filly. No one cares anymore.”

Flurry stood tall as the griffon continued to laugh down at her, even as the crowd joined in in mocking the disheveled and naked filly, even as tears came to her eyes, even as she recognized that she was the last of her family except for two ancient sisters half a world away.

Flurry stood proud on the deck of a strange ship, bound for a strange land, surrounded by defeated and tired griffons that laughed at her pride.

She finally understood how her father had thrown aside his crown.

“Princess Flurry?”

A voice broke through the scattered laughter.

A crystal pony pushed through the crowd. “I heard you’d been killed.” He looked at her in awe.

“Princess?” Another crystal pony, a mare with a wounded foreleg, emerged between two griffons. They stopped laughing.

A batpony landed to her right, cradling a rifle between two hooves. “I thought you got captured by the changelings,” he said.

“The griffons,” Flurry replied, sniffling way tears. “I escaped. I used a cleaning outfit to hide my wings.” The crowd began to chatter in a variety of languages, only half of which Flurry knew.

A unicorn pushed her way past, a mare in a tattered Equestrian uniform with sagging gray eyes. She eyed Flurry suspiciously before lighting up her horn with a gray burst of magic. The crowd quieted down. Wordlessly, she swept her horn over Flurry. Flurry felt the magic brush across her and recognized the spell.

“Auntie Twilight made that spell. I could never figure it out. Sunburst told me if I got it wrong, I could make some poor pony or changeling explode.” Flurry smiled at her.

The gray-eyed unicorn stared at her a moment longer as the ponies around her shared uncertain looks.

Then she knelt. “Princess Flurry Heart.”

Two more crystal ponies pushed their way through the crowd, stopping before Flurry with tears in their eyes.

“Princess!” They exclaimed together and knelt as one.

A griffon in a blue Aquileian uniform burst forth, knocking the one-eyed griffon aside. “Little Flurry,” she shouted in Aquileian, “I served under your father!”

Another griffon followed her. “We would have never escaped if not for his magic.”

The two griffons bowed; claw clasped on their heart in the Aquileian way.

“Princess,” a pegasus stepped forward, speaking in Prench. “I saw your father in Flowena. There was no finer unicorn in the entire army.” He bent his forelegs in an elaborate bow.

“Princess Flurry,” the batpony lowered his rifle to the ground and inclined his head. Flurry remembered batponies in the Night Guard doing the same for Luna.

The one-eyed griffon that laughed at her was pushed back as more ponies and griffons made their way forward. Flurry could only stare as a dozen, then two dozen, then more and more creatures faced her with shock in their faces and tears in their eyes.

An earth pony in a New Marelander expeditionary outfit knelt to her right. “I should’ve gone with your father when he left,” he said.

Flurry saw the wounded Crystal mare wince as she knelt, crying. “I came to fight for your father, but I was too late,” she sobbed. “Please forgive me, Princess!” She waited for Flurry to respond. All of them were waiting for her to respond.

Flurry looked around the crowd. Equestrian and Crystal uniforms blended with Aquileian and Nova Griffonian. This was a ship of losers, Flurry thought, leaving another war lost. Nova Griffonia’s time was coming, whether by the Reich or by Chrysalis.

Flurry Heart was ten years old, almost eleven. She wanted to fly away, back to her mother and father and castle. She wanted to wake up in her bed in the Empire, yelling at Aunt Luna for giving her such a bad dream. She wanted to go back to Grover and see if she could make him blush again. She wanted Auntie Twilight to read her another bedtime story.

Flurry Heart closed her eyes and took a breath. She couldn’t do any of that. And her subjects needed her.

“As long as I live, the Crystal Empire is not lost,” she said, projecting her voice like her mother.

“I know you are tired; I know you are hurt," Flurry looked at the wounded Crystal mare, pulling her back to her hooves with a flare of magic. "But as long as you live, the Crystal Empire is not lost."

"Princess," the mare sobbed.

“As long as you live, Equestria is not lost,” Flurry looked at the gray-eyed mare, then the batpony.

“Princess!” Everypony around her called out.

“As long as you live, Aquileia is not lost,” Flurry looked at the two griffons, speaking in Aquileian.

“Princess!” The griffons in the crowd matched the shout. It was the one word of Equestrian that everyone knew.

“As long as you live, New Mareland is not lost,” Flurry smiled at the earth pony, flapping her wings as she reared up.

“Princess!” The crowd shouted in unison.

“As long as we live, we have not lost!” Flurry shouted in Equestrian. Her voice echoed across the deck.

“PRINCESS!”

“PRINCESS!”

“PRINCESS!”

The crowd roared until the captain came onto the deck to investigate. Flurry Heart got his cabin.

She cried herself to sleep in it every night until the ship landed in Weter in Nova Griffonia.
> Part Three
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

It took three days for the old steamer to chug into port at Weter, the capital of Nova Griffonia. The captain, an old brown griffon named Hayes, had been very gracious to Flurry the whole trip.

He was utterly terrified of her, Flurry realized at dinner in his cabin. The trick was the eyes: they tracked her horn instead of making eye contact. Flurry remembered a similar look in the maids and servants in the Crystal Empire, after she destroyed the Crystal Heart with her foalish wailing. Her parents expanded their staff after the Crystal Ponies began reclaiming the Frozen North, but Flurry could recognize the old staff by how they looked at her.

Captain Hayes looked at her the same way, and he had good reason to. When the news spread of her arrival on the ship, Flurry gained nearly two hundred armed and devoted veterans on board, outnumbering his own crew. Crystal Ponies, Equestrians, and New Marelanders pledged fealty on the aft deck. A few dozen Aquileian griffons joined them, loyalty to her father proving stronger than loyalty to the fallen republic. The ship ended up a floating diplomatic crisis.

Nova Griffonia accepted any refugee that made it across the border, pledging neutrality during the Great War, but they had never offered to take in a Princess. When Flurry was five, the governor of the colony was assassinated outside his house, and the country nearly fell in a military coup. By the time Nova Griffonia stabilized into a republic, the war had turned thoroughly against Equestria and the Crystal Empire. The new president claimed to her mother they were too weak to help against Chrysalis. It might have even been true.

Nova Griffonia never offered to shelter the Princesses, and nopony ever asked them to consider it. But hundreds of thousands of ponies missed the boats to New Mareland and fled north to the border before Chrysalis’ panzers caught up to them. Nova Griffonia ended up with a sizable pony diaspora, straining its already flagging economy to the limit.

The night before the ship reached Weter, a pair of bat ponies left to fly ahead and Flurry went to bed with two Crystal Ponies guarding her room. The next morning, Flurry Heart stood next to a despondent Captain Hayes on deck and stared at a cheering crowd of ten thousand assorted ponies at the dock.

All of them were armed. 

Most ponies made it across the border with only their guns and the President of Nova Griffonia, Blackpeak, believed that their extra armaments could mean the difference if Chrysalis or the Reich invaded. President Blackpeak met the ship at the dock to speak to Flurry personally. Judging from the way he kept tugging on his brown shirt collar, he regretted letting them keep their weapons.

Flurry had no crown, no parents, and no legal guardian. Flurry did have an army of jubilant ponies that would doubtless be very angry if she was turned away. The gray-eyed mare, Lieutenant Dusty, spoke with Blackpeak and made a compromise, admitting Flurry as an underage refugee, but officially did not acknowledge her standing as a Princess. He stood with Flurry on the deck and shook her hoof to a cheering crowd of ponies that stomped their hooves in welcome.

Flurry didn’t mention that the last president that shook her hoof ended up deposed by an invading army.

Thorax found her shortly afterwards on the dock, disguised as ‘Crystal Hoof,’ the bland pony he wore when they first met. Flurry nearly skewered him with her horn before she remembered to ask her unicorns to verify his identity. Lieutenant Dusty scanned the undisguised, naked changeling squirming in Flurry's magic over before nodding to her.

“Yeah, that’s my neighbor Thorax.” Dusty gave him a grim smile and shook the rifle at her flank. "Our Princess is quick on the draw," she commented to the gathered crowd. Some of them looked warily at the changeling, but most smiled.

“I’m so sorry Thorax,” Flurry admitted, pulling him into a hug before letting him down.

“No, no, caution is good,” Thorax said, hugging her back. He lost weight, seemed thinner and leaner, the holes in his legs were more pronounced, like his fangs. Thorax traded radio broadcasts with Cadance during the war, urging his fellow changelings to defect and embrace friendship and harmony. He’d been with Sunburst during the evacuation.

Flurry had no idea he was alive.

Princess Flurry Heart did her duty and greeted the cheering crowd, politely asked them to disperse like Blackpeak asked and promised to speak again over the radio. She followed Thorax, Dusty, and a few dozen veteran ponies through the crowd to a small, cramped ghetto in Weter. 

The buildings were made of unpainted brink and uncomfortably grouped together. There was no sign of the traditional open-air griffon architecture; this had been built quickly and cheaply. Ponies cheered for her in the street as her motley guard passed. Most of ponies were naked like her or wore stitched up old clothes. A foal wearing an old sack stopped in front of them before being snatched up by an overly apologetic stallion in a poorly-tailored suit meant for a griffon.

“There’re a few dozen settlements, mostly in the mountains to the west or near the Equestrian border,” Dusty explained with Thorax nodding along. “The griffons want our guns to fight, but they can’t give us proper homes. There’s not enough jobs, either. Those of us that got jobs," Dusty grimaced, "got them in Triton’s Armories on the coast or the mines in the mountains.”

“Isn’t the President Triton Blackpeak?” Flurry asked.

“How do you think he got elected?” Dusty snorted, "he's one of the only ones to give us jobs. He's got a few hundred thousand ponies voting for him." Dusty, Thorax, and Flurry walked up to a three-story tenement with leaky windows and chipped paint on the door. Dusty patted the rifle at her side as she opened the door as a pair of armed ponies opened the front doors for them.

She turned to Thorax. “I’ll do the rounds, set up some guards again. You talk to your ‘lings, too.”

“They’re already set up,” Thorax replied. He led Flurry up the stairs past three unicorns with green eyes that only nodded at her. Flurry tensed, but Thorax’s easy demeanor reassured her. He led her to apartment 206, but the ‘6’ was hanging upside down. Flurry wrenched it upright and affixed it with a glue spell.

“I’ll need you to fix some of the stool legs in the kitchen,” Thorax chuckled as he led her in.

It was three rooms, with a bare stove in the kitchen, an unvarnished table beside it, a frayed purple couch next to a dirty window and uneven stools around the table. Flurry took it in with a blink.

It was nowhere near as bad as shelled-out houses.

She sat down on a stool and cast a repair spell on the leg. It still wobbled, but now the leg was too long. She huffed and tossed her fraying purple and blue curls. Thorax sat across from her on his own stool. He glanced over her head at the door. There was movement outside in the hallway and a short whistle. Thorax whistled back with a chirp.

“Are we safe here?” Flurry asked.

“Of course,” Thorax replied. “Do you have anything on the ship?”

“No, I left in a hurry. Reich soldiers caught me and were going to give me to the Changelings,” Flurry replied. “I escaped and flew from the docks to the ship.”

Thorax’s smile twitched. “Please,” he said slowly, “there’s no need to lie, Princess.”

Flurry met his look. “Don’t lie to me either.” Thorax looked away first.

“Am I safe here?” Flurry repeated.

“No,” Thorax sighed, “but you’re safer here in Weter than any of the border towns. This is the oldest and most populated pony neighborhood. Chrysalis could send a strike team across the border, but not into Weter, not without starting a war. She knows I’m here, and that I’m helping the Nova Griffonians watch out for infiltrators.”

Flurry looked around the room. “You work for the government and live here?”

“It’s the biggest room in the building,” Thorax replied.

Flurry’s muzzle scrunched in shame and swished her tail nervously. “I’m sorry, Thorax. Dad thought you died with Sunburst.”

“Sunburst’s truck got strafed by a fighter and we had to keep going,” Thorax began, “I ended up leading a few hundred ponies north with the changelings that defected. We barely made it across the border.”

“Who else is here?”

“Most of the Crystal Ponies went to the border instead of trying for the coast. General Diamond Dowser and Colonel Heartsong are the highest ranked.” Thorax continued to list the names of ponies that Flurry barely remembered before he paused and closed his eyes.

“Princess Flurry,” Thorax asked, “many of the Crystal Ponies volunteered to fight with your father in Aquileia. I…if you don’t want to-”

“My father is dead,” Flurry cut him off. “I had to leave before they found the body, but he’s dead. Chrysalis showed up wearing my mother’s face and tried to drag me back.”

Thorax slumped against the table and his wings buzzed weakly. “I’m so sorry, Flurry.”

Flurry shook her head and whickered. “Grover protected me, came up with the story that I escaped. His bodyguard helped me get to the dock.”

Thorax lifted his head back up. “Why?”

“He promised.” Flurry shrugged her wings.

“He promised to get you to Nova Griffonia?”

“No,” Flurry smiled. “He promised to keep me safe. This was my idea. I wanted to go here. Some changelings chased us, but I got away.” I hope Benito is okay, Flurry thought.

“Their alliance with the Chrysalis might be over, then,” Thorax considered. “She’s still broadcasting in Canterlot, but that could be a recording.”

“If she’s still gone, we could say something, tell ponies,” Flurry said. Her wings started fluttering. “They could rise up!”

Thorax shook his head, “No, most ponies are Nova Griffonian citizens now. It’s been years, Flurry. Nova Griffonia won’t risk a war, especially not with Chrysalis."

“I don’t need their permission. They’re Ponies, and I’m their Princess,” Flurry responded. “They want to live like this?” Flurry scoffed, sweeping her wings around the room.

“No, they don’t,” Thorax replied, reaching into a cupboard with his magic. He retrieved a crinkled map and smoothed it out on the table, “but it is better than living in occupied Equestria.”

Flurry looked down at the map, showing Equestria divided into occupied governates. “I’ve seen this before,” she dismissed.

“Every few months, we get runners that escaped from the plantations or mines,” Thorax acted like he didn’t hear her. “We help get them across the border. Chrysalis is too proud and stupid to admit anypony escapes, so President Blackpeak turns a blind eye to it.”

Thorax put a hoof on Canterlot. “West and central Equestria are the only areas directly controlled from Vesapolis and the Changeling Lands, mostly because Chrysalis likes to vacation in Canterlot. Most of the garrisons are tied up there. The Everfree Forest is out of control and a center of resistance.”

He moved the hoof to the south. “The south is lawless, either desert or jungle. The governors assigned to the area keep getting assassinated. The Changelings are resorting to walled slave plantations to harvest love and rubber.”

Flurry noticed he referred to changelings separately, not including himself.

He put a hoof over the empire. “The Crystal Empire is too sparsely populated to properly garrison. They can't control the weather enough to dispel the storm; the Crystal Heart only protects Crystal City, none of the farmland around it. It’s basically a research center surrounded by slave mines.”

“It shrunk?” Flurry asked. The barrier formed by the Crystal Heart was never very large, but the little circle on the map was pitiful.

“The Crystal Heart must be broken. Your mother held out for months after Equestria fell. The snow storm outside the shield brought down their bombers and planes in the hundreds. Thousands of troops froze in the snow outside as their tanks and artillery pounded the shield. The delay bought a lot of ponies time to make it here.” Thorax tapped his hoof on the map. “I think Chrysalis tried to drop some new kind of bomb on the city, but it didn’t work. We saw a flash from the border.”

“I didn’t hear any of that in Aquileia or New Mareland.”

“I doubt Chrysalis wanted to spread that around.”

“Do you know how she died?” Flurry asked.

Thorax closed his eyes. “I don’t know. The shield shattered suddenly and changelings poured in. Nopony made it out.”

Thorax blinked several times and moved a hoof to Manehatten. “The eastern coastline is led by Governor Lilac, who’s trying to be liberal with her underequipped garrison.” He smiled at Flurry. “Starlight Glimmer and Trixie Lulamoon are underground, giving Lilac hell. The rebellion will start there when it starts.”

“Chrysalis is weak,” Flurry summarized. “If we rise up, we can beat them! President Blackpeak said I can go on the radio; we can tell everypony to fight.” She put her hoof over the Crystal City. “A lot of ponies live at the border, right? We can storm right over those loser guards and make it to the Crystal Heart, easy!”

"Blackpeak wants you to calm everypony down," Thorax stressed, "not rile them up for war. Nova Griffonia is committed to defense, against Chrysalis or the Reich."

"Then what's the point of telling me any of this?" Flurry complained.

“My point,” Thorax tapped the map, “is that the rebellion already started the moment Chrysalis set a holed hoof in Equestria. Ponies are doing all they can. Sometimes that means sabotaging a train or attacking a garrison, sometimes that means bringing home enough food for tomorrow. Getting on the radio and shouting to fight won’t change that.”

“I want to help them."

“Are you doing it for them or for you?” Thorax challenged.

Flurry didn't respond immediately. "I'm their Princess," she answered defiantly.

Thorax continued staring her down with solid blue eyes. “So, you'll go on the radio. Did all those speeches on the radio from Celestia and Luna help New Mareland fight?”

Flurry clamped her muzzle shut and her stomach twisted. “Don’t compare me to them,” she strained out between gritted teeth.

“Are you going to fight?”

“If I have to.”

“An alicorn on the field doesn’t guarantee victory; Luna proved that twice.”

“It would have been different if Celestia and Twilight helped.”

“Maybe,” Thorax conceded, “or they could have all died fighting on the front and destroyed any hope of victory. Besides, Twilight spent the war researching new weapons. Are you stronger than Luna? Are you smarter than Twilight?” he asked.

“Not yet,” Flurry bit out.

“So, you can’t fight yet,” Thorax concluded, “would you like to shout for ponies to fight on the radio? Do you want them to hear your voice as they die, calling for them to give everything for you, like Celestia?”

“Stop it!” Flurry covered her ears.

“Will you write condolence letters like your mother, assuring their families that they died for a higher cause while sitting in a crystal castle?”

“DON’T YOU DARE MOCK MOM!”

The entire building rattled. Flurry’s horn fired a bolt of lightning that scorched the ceiling. Two disguised changelings burst in through the door, took one look at Flurry, then backed out.

Flurry Heart’s muzzle twitched uncontrollably as she heaved, floating in the air in her own magical aura. Her wings buzzed, causing a gale to blow up dust and knock the map off the table. She hung in the air like an inert pendulum before Thorax.

Thorax stayed on his stool and gripped the table for balance. He stared up at Flurry as she glared down at him, tears falling from her eyes. She bared her teeth at him with a snarl fit for a Diamond Dog.

“I loved your mother,” Thorax said calmly. Flurry stilled her wings to hear him, but remained floating in her magic. “Writing those letters destroyed her. She wasn’t a fighter,” he admitted, “but she did everything could until the end."

He kept eye contact, not staring at the electrical arcs coming from her horn. "When the city finally fell, Chrysalis gave the city to Hive Marshal Trimmel. His first act was to hang my brother from one of the balconies of the Crystal Palace. Chrysalis said he helped me escape.”

Flurry took a shuddering breath as she tried to calm down. “Pharynx?”

“Yes,” Thorax said, chuckling to himself. “We hadn’t talked for years, and our last conversation ended with him swearing to bring me before Chrysalis." He snorted. "But that’s exactly the kind of leader Chrysalis is. She watched the war from that damn tower in Vesapolis, gave speeches on the radio for changelings to die to, then executed her best panzer commander.”

“She lied,” Flurry righted the stool and fixed it again with a flare of blue magic.

“No,” Thorax laughed, “Pharynx's tank broke down while his brigade was chasing us across the tundra. He made the whole brigade stop and wait for him to repair it. He wanted to be there when I was caught, you see.”

“I don’t understand,” Flurry sat down on the stool. It didn’t wobble.

“He faked the breakdown,” Thorax said. “Pharynx was always a good liar, even to other changelings, but it was too suspicious.” Thorax closed his eyes and sighed. “He did what he could, when it counted.”

He opened his eyes. “What kind of princess can you be right now?”

“I can go on the radio,” Flurry began and Thorax frowned.

Flurry paused. “I can tell my Ponies that I am glad so many of them came to see me, and I can tell them to give me time to settle into Nova Griffonia, like President Blackpeak asked.”

Thorax nodded with relief.

“I can visit them and see where they live. I can show them I care.”

Thorax hesitated, but nodded. “We can do that. We'll use it as a chance to set up your legal guardian. It will just be on paper; Dusty Mark downstairs is a good choice-”

“You,” Flurry said and crossed her forelegs.

Thorax blinked. “Flurry, no.”

“You said it was just on paper. I can stay with Dusty or anypony or a spare room.”

“Flurry, I am a changeling. Nova Griffonia tolerates us because we help them, but there’s still a lot of distrust.”

“You’re Thorax, my friend and honorary uncle. You helped my mother and father. You helped raise me.”

“That was a long time ago, Flurry. Ponies don’t always remember things they should.”

“We can remind them. Besides, what better to guard against changelings than changelings?” Flurry asked, and knew she’d won the argument because Thorax looked over her head to the door as his ears pinned back.

“It’s not a good idea,” he sighed.

“Because you’re starving?”

Thorax’s head fin stiffened. “I am not.”

“Don’t lie,” Flurry reminded him, “those holes are pretty big.” She pointed at his hooves on the table. Thorax quickly shifted them under the table.

“I work with the other changelings," Thorax said quickly. "We ration. I’m just hungry. Nova Griffonia has limited trade. Food can get scarce.”

“Yeah, I bet with all that distrust, like you said.” Flurry stuck her hoof across the table and thought about the time Thorax fell asleep reading her Daring Do and the Temple of Terror.

Thorax flinched and hissed at her on reflex. “No,” he rasped, “we’re better than that." He swallowed, licking at his fangs. "It belongs to your family."

“My family,” Flurry said wistfully. “You’re the closest thing to family I have left, and you can tell that's not a lie.”

Princess Flurry Heart and Thorax the Exile stared at each other. Flurry's ears twitched as it began to rain outside. Thorax's window started to leak.

Thorax shut his eyes and slowly reached out with a holed hoof that was more hole than actual hoof. Flurry Heart sat quietly as she felt the pull on her magic. It was barely more than a drop being drawn from an ocean. They sat together in the rundown kitchen, now slightly more battered due to Flurry’s outburst.

“My brother was right. I really am an idiot,” Thorax laughed with a sniffle. "I'm sorry I said all those things."

"They needed to be said," Flurry answered. "I'm sorry I yelled at you. Mom always said a Princess needs wise counsel."

Thorax laughed again and Flurry giggled.

Flurry glanced at the scorch mark on the ceiling.

I need to control my magic better; I can’t fight with it, not without probably destroying a building. I can’t write letters for ponies who died for me. I can't call them to war without fighting myself. Dad taught me about guns, but didn't teach me to shoot, she thought.

But she had time to learn.

All of it.

If Thorax objected, he was only her legal guardian on paper.

I am a Princess.
> Part Four
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

Flurry Heart levitated the last slice of her pink birthday cake to the foal. It was the slice with the ‘12’ on top.

His brown eyes, wide as dinner plates, gaped at the slice as it gracefully landed on his plate. His mother nudged him with a rear hoof and adjusted the conical pink party hat on his gray mane.

“T-thank you, Princess,” he stammered.

His mother, a green-eyed white unicorn, bowed to her. “We are grateful for your generosity, Princess Flurry.”

Flurry waved a pink wing at her. “It’s nothing,” she said as she leaned close to the mare. “Did he have cake for his birthday?” she whispered into her ear.

The mare shook her head.

“Then consider it a belated gift.” Flurry smiled, then trotted back to the head of the table next to Thorax, who sat undisguised in a bulky brown jacket. He had two holstered pistols along his barrel.

It was hard to tell with changelings, but he was scanning the room, seeking nods of confirmation from tactically-placed ponies in the crowd.

“I wish you would wait for guests to approach, Princess,” he remarked with a sigh as Flurry sat down.

“I will not fear for my life at my birthday party, Uncle,” Flurry snorted. “You’re bad enough at the soup kitchen.”

“You will mean far more to your ponies alive, Princess.”

“I mean nothing to them if they do not see me,” Flurry replied, tapping a hoof on her empty plate. It was clean.

Thorax glanced at the plate. “Did you have any cake? Opal Agate used her month’s allotment of flour for it,” he whispered.

“Of course, Uncle,” Flurry replied back loudly, smiling at Opal from across the room. “The cake was so delicious I licked my plate clean; such a fine cake deserved to be shared.”

Opal smiled back and her blue crystal coat shimmered a bit brighter under her apron. It wasn’t the same smile Flurry remembered from the Crystal Kitchens, but it was close. An earth pony next to her clapped her shoulder in celebration. A pegasus chased a griffon cub around the table, laughing at the role reversal.

“I can tell when you’re lying,” Thorax sighed.

“You should be able to tell that it was only half a lie,” Flurry shot back. “They deserve it more than me.”

Thorax sighed and leaned back on the stool, but didn’t argue with her. Flurry knew that meant he was too proud to be annoyed. Flurry leaned back and shook the party hat on her horn, making it light up in her blue magic. Some of the foals pointed and laughed.

Heartshovel was two days travel on hoof to the border of the Crystal Empire. It was a mining town, nestled deep in the Crystal Mountains, and exported tungsten that went east to the armories on the coastline of Nova Griffonia. Griffons abhorred digging in a hole, so gladly farmed the work out to the poor and destitute refugees that had fled to their lands. The Republic of Nova Griffonia had racial equality written into its constitution, but what was on paper was rarely done in practice.

Heartshovel had a population of a thousand, of which only a quarter were griffons, remnants of the stubborn mountain clans that had tried to rebel before the Great War. They hated the government far more than they hated ponies, so the griffins kept their traditional grouchiness to a minimum. Flurry Heart pledged to visit every refugee town once a year around her birthday, then return to Weter and speak with the Aquileians. This was the second year she traveled, and this time she was sure to mention how grateful she was to President Blackpeak at every stop, encouraging her ponies to vote for him in the upcoming election.

Except when she stopped at New Stalliongrad, which burned an effigy of her in protest for the second year in a row. She told them not to vote for Blackpeak, which guaranteed some of the communists would do so out of spite.

She didn’t care for Blackpeak, but he was dependent on the pony vote to be reelected, which made him dependent on her. He had yet to press the issue of her title, only asking her not to use it when she went on the radio.

"Everypony knows you are their princess," he said with false cheer. "It is not necessary." Flurry nodded dutifully and thanked him for his hospitality. He never used her title.

Opal had been one of the head chefs in the kitchen back home; she worked in the canteen for the mine with her three fillies. Flurry was ecstatic to meet her last year and promised to return for her next birthday. Opal had nervously accepted on behalf of the town.

Heartshovel tried to welcome their Princess properly. They scrounged together a choir of colts and fillies to sing off-key, set up a discolored banner on main street, and set aside the town’s meeting hall to host her party. It was a wooden, off-white building with dust-streaked windows. Even the griffons came to see her and share their one joke about the town.

“Is it called Heart’s Hovel or Heart Shovel? Can you settle the question, Princess of Ponies?” The old griffon had used the same joke last year, and spat her title with a crooked grin.

"You may call it what you wish. It is your home as well," Flurry replied, sweeping her wings to include the combined crowd. There was less mockery afterwards.

Princess Flurry Heart didn’t care about the celebration. She didn’t care that the gifts ranged from mining equipment to rare emeralds stolen from the mine. She didn’t care that the party was clearly meant for the Princess her Ponies fondly remembered, the little foal that giggled at anything vaguely funny and struggled with big words.

She was their Princess, and that meant her birthday was not about her.

In every town she visited, the gifts would be accidentally left behind and the food would be given out to her colts and fillies. She would see the miners that had been crippled in the frequent accidents, heal what she could with her limited magic, and collapse during the ride to the next town. She would repeat the process until she returned to Weter, where she would attend the Aquileian Veteran’s meeting to thank the griffons that served with her father. She would listen to stories about the old Discret Kings and the Republicans. She would end her birthday on the radio, thanking pony and griffon alike for their hospitality.

Thorax and some disguised changelings traveled along with her volunteer guard. Flurry didn’t now the exact number of changelings, but she trusted Thorax. Queen Chrysalis remained silent on Flurry’s presence in the north, but her spies sought her ruthlessly. Flurry Heart learned Twilight’s Changeling Detection Spell from Dusty Mark before her eleventh birthday.

There had been one attempt last year, the first year she started her tour. Flurry Heart stayed in Evergreen for a night; it was the largest Pony town in the mountains and three days from the border. Thorax’s agents were struggling to secure the area, but Flurry wanted to get some rest before returning to Weter and dismissed his concerns. A Changeling spy poisoned her soup, probably to knock her out at night and abduct her with some other agents.

Flurry gave it to a homeless foal begging outside her hotel. 

He collapsed within a minute after thanking her profusely and taking a sip.

Poison for alicorns wasn’t the same as poison for foals. He lived, only thanks to Thorax carrying several antidotes as a paranoid precaution.

The hotel waived the damage Flurry did to their kitchen. The Changeling spy died choking on a cyanide capsule, still in his chef’s hat. The real chef was tied up in the pantry, terrified and nearly decapitated by Flurry’s magical blast that obliterated the outer wall. No other Changelings were discovered, and a Changeling broadcast from Canterlot dismissed it an act of terrorism by a rogue agent. Blackpeak gracefully accepted the excuse on Flurry's behalf.

Rioting broke out among the towns Flurry visited.

Princess Flurry Heart could’ve called her ponies to war, but she instead returned to Weter with Thorax.

“Next year, we will double our agents, Princess,” he pleaded. “I swear it.”

Thorax only called her Princess when he was upset.

“No, it was a mistake.”

“The trip did so well, Princess. Take it from a changeling, everywhere you visited was happier and more hopeful than it had been in years.”

“Now they riot, but I wasn’t talking about the trip. I made a mistake,” Flurry said in her room. She had her own one-room apartment on the second-floor, across from Thorax. He wasn’t home very often, but there were enough guards at all hours, day or night. It was on the inside of the building, with no windows and one door, with one vent for a tiny stove. The only amenities were a private shower and toilet, which was a luxury for the tenement and the ghetto.

“It was my job to know about the soup.”

“No,” Flurry replied on her bed. She stared up at an old Wonderbolt poster on the ceiling and wondered if Rainbow Dash was alive. “That would never have happened if I didn’t demand to stay the night." 

Thorax didn't refute her. His wings buzzed uncomfortably.

"Next year, I sleep on the road and we take different roads between the towns," Flurry said. "No known schedule. I start the visits two weeks before my birthday and we pass by some towns then circle back. We go to Heartshovel on my birthday, then return directly to Weter.”

Thorax thought about it. “That will be difficult.”

“What do you suggest?”

“No, I meant it will be difficult for you,” Thorax said. Flurry blinked and raised her head off her lumpy pillow.

“You won’t get much sleep between towns,” Thorax began slowly. “You’ll end up visiting some of them at night, some during the day. Ponies will be happy to see you anytime, but we'll be always be on the move. Are you sure you want to do this?”

“Yes,” Flurry replied. “Set the alarm for an hour. I need to go down to Weter Radio to stop the rioting and announce that I believe the Changeling was a rogue agent.” She yawned. “It’s good Chrysalis can’t detect lies over the radio.”

It had been a good plan, and it worked well, but Flurry dreaded the ride out of Heartshovel on the dirt road through the mountains. She slumped in the back of the truck and removed her party hat. Her dress, a simple white-frilled blue skirt, was flecked with brown and black stains from dirt and coal with a smudge of icing from a hug.

Dusty Mark and a few of her guards climbed into the old troop carrier after her. Dusty Mark was technically an unemployed mercenary, along with nearly a third of the ponies living in the ghetto in Weter. The rest worked in the armories. Flurry Heart had a core guard of almost a hundred Equestrians and Crystal Ponies that patrolled the ghetto as a militia. Money came in from somewhere Thorax didn’t want Flurry to know about to support her guards and their families, but she trusted him enough not to pry.

"I hate this truck," Flurry groused. "The other two don't jump around as much."

"I don't think it will make a difference on this road, Princess," Frosty Jadis replied. She was Crystal mare that knelt to Flurry Heart while sobbing on the ship two years ago. Her leg had healed poorly. She couldn't gallop, but she could hit a target at extreme range and was the most devoted of Flurry's guard. She closed the back doors of the truck and peered out the reinforced glass. Three trucks traveled with Flurry, and she changed trucks every stop, sometimes on the road as well.

If the worst happened and they were attacked, Flurry could teleport. Flurry's teleportation wasn't exactly stable, but she had been told to immediately jump away if ordered to by her guards. She couldn't take anypony with her yet, not like her Aunt Twilight. It was something to work on later.

Flurry leaned her head back. "Wake me in Weter." Her curls began to bounce as the truck moved.

"It's a long drive. We'll change trucks before we hit the main road," Dusty replied.

"Don't wake me. Just toss me in the back of the truck," Flurry commanded.

They woke her up anyway. She took the opportunity to pop her wing joints and pee on the side of the road, hiking up her skirt.

Dusty and Jadis looked away with serious muzzles, scanning the forest.

My loyal guards, Flurry thought. I'm still their Princess as I squat on the side of the road. She suppressed a laugh.

The trip back continued through the night. Her little convoy stopped once, blocked by fallen logs from a flatbed truck in a narrow pass. The poor griffon that tried to flag down the first truck was nearly shot. Flurry summoned a blue bubble shield over the convoy as Thorax and her guards secured the area and forced the driver to the ground.

"He's taking the stuff to Evergreen and the straps broke," Thorax summarized, returning from the griffon. "Not a Changeling. We'll reverse and take the side path."

"That could be a trap," Dusty suggested.

"If there's a trap, he doesn't know about it. I questioned him thoroughly," Thorax replied. The griffon slumped up against the door of his truck with a bloody beak, glaring through the shield. He looked away when Flurry glanced at him.

"I'll help him," Flurry decided. She waved at the griffon to approach with a wing. His eyes widened and his wings twitched against his overalls. He seemed to decide against trying to fly away and slowly approached.

"Princess, we don't have time," Thorax said. Flurry ignored him and watched the griffon cautiously reach a claw out and pass it through the shield.

"I'll be quick," Flurry replied. She pulled him by the claw towards her with her magic. His wings flared as he tried to pull back, but it was pointless to fight an alicorn, even a filly. She let him go a few hooves away from her. He fell to the ground and stayed down.

The griffon glanced fearfully at the armed guards and held out his claws. "Please, Princess," he pleaded. "I did not mean to ruin your birthday. I work with many ponies. I saw you at Evergreen three days ago. I gave you a gift: fine carpentry tools."

"You ruined nothing." Flurry fired a beam of magic at his beak. He squawked in shock, clutching at it with both claws before blinking.

"I'm not the best with healing spells," Flurry admitted, "but you will not need a doctor." Flurry dispelled the shield and seized the fallen logs in her magic, stacking them back on the flatbed of his truck. She ignored the twinge in her horn. She lifted the truck and the logs together and moved them to the side of the road. The logs rested uneasily in the flatbed, so Flurry fired a large blue bolt and glued the logs to the flatbed.

Flurry blinked stars from her eyes and swallowed, looking down at the stunned griffon. "That spell will only last a few hours on something that big. You're going to Evergreen?"

"Yes, Princess, to the lumber yard."

"What is your name?"

"Gunner, Princess. I am from the hills. I welcomed many ponies when they came during the war." He stood up and wiped the blood from his beak on his overalls, trying to smile at Flurry.

Thorax snorted next to him and Gunner clacked his beak shut.

"Please wait for us to pass," Flurry said apologetically.

"Of course, Princess," the griffon moved to approach Flurry, then thought better of it when Dusty conspicuously checked her rifle. He instead nodded and swept his wings in a bow before returning to his truck.

Flurry's legs collapsed out from under her once she climbed back into her own truck. Jadis leaned her against the side and wrapped her in a blanket while Thorax and Dusty looked on.

"That was too much magic, Princess," Dusty chided her.

"I'll be able to sleep until Weter for sure," Flurry responded. "I saved time anyway."

"Can you still teleport?" Thorax asked.

Flurry nodded. "Yes, Uncle." She looked out the reinforced glass and saw Gunner wave at the passing trucks.

"You know he was lying about welcoming ponies, right?" Thorax asked as he followed Flurry's eyes.

"Did he lie about giving me a gift in Evergreen? Did he lie about working with ponies?"

Thorax paused and shook his head. "Lots of griffons gave you things this year, Princess."

"Rightly so," Jadis huffed. "Our Princess spends more time helping them like they're her own Ponies, than any griffon from Weter. They should remember who'll cure their coal lung and set their broken bones for free when she visits."

Flurry closed her eyes as the truck trundled down the rough road. Her curls were matted with sweat and she needed to shower when they made it back to Weter.

I am a Princess of Ponies, and my Ponies must always come first, Flurry reminded herself, but many griffons suffer beside them. I will help them when I can, Flurry promised.

They are not my subjects by right. But when the time comes, they will be my subjects by choice.
> Part Five
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

“Were you waiting for me?” Flurry asked. She had just returned to Weter, leaving the trucks outside the ghetto.

“No, no,” the mailgriffon answered in accented Equestrian. He was Aquileian. He stood outside Flurry's tenement on the sidewalk,  fiddling with the brass buttons on his gray uniform with two satchels under his wings. Flurry knew Jacques; he was one of the few griffons that brought mail to the ghetto, but he traveled frequently for his job. Her horn lit up and she cast her detection spell on him.

He wasn’t a changeling.

Jacques’ feathers ruffled and he gave Flurry a sour look. “You do not trust me, Little Flurry?” Flurry stared back at him until he clacked his beak in a laugh. “Good! A monarch should never trust a republican.” He flourished the bag on his left. “I bring your birthday wishes.”

“I’ll need to check them,” Thorax interrupted.

“Please,” Jacques scoffed. “Everygriffon in the mail office has read them, including me. There is no poison or bombs. If there was, Nova Griffonia would collapse without their poorly-paid mail service.” He set down the heavy satchel. “Your mail from ponies and proud Aquileians in Nova Griffonia.” He pulled out two opened envelopes from his other satchel. “And letters abroad: your old aunts write to you.”

Flurry took the envelopes in her magic and tucked them under her wing. “Summary?”

Jacques held a claw to his beak in shock. “You dare not read the words of the immortal Princesses?” He cackled. “Oh, we will make a republican out of you yet. They ask you come visit them, offer to pay for your trip, wish you happy birthday.” He ticked off the points on a claw.

"Anything else?" 

His eyes soured as he sighed and retrieved another opened envelope. He tossed it to Flurry, who caught it in her magic. “From the great Kaiser,” he squawked. “Actually arrived on time this year. Long winded drivel about how great he is, invites you to his birthday next month. Spelled your name wrong again. Why do you even write back?”

Flurry tucked it under her other wing with a neutral expression. “His letters make good kindling.”

Jacques squawked another laugh and closed his bag. “Goodbye, Little Flurry,” he said in Aquileian. He gestured to the satchel on the ground. "I will return next week for your replies."

Flurry nodded, responding back in Aquileian. "Thank you, Jacques."

He smiled. “Of course, Little Flurry. I will see you tomorrow at the Veteran's Hall,” he promised and flared his wings, taking flight down the street and above the bustle of ponies.

Flurry Heart took the satchel in her magic and let Thorax, Dusty and her guards escort her through her building.

“If you’re tired, I can work through the letter,” Thorax offered in the stairwell.

“Nah,” Flurry replied. “Make the rounds and check on everyone, or just make some coffee and relax. I’ll do it myself.” She hugged him. "We did good this year, Uncle." Thorax nuzzled the top of her head and stopped to talk to Dusty.

Flurry Heart stopped outside the door to her room and nodded at Falx, the disguised changeling guarding the hallway, who nodded back and tapped a front hoof on the floor. She passed the floating satchel of birthday mail to him to double-check. Flurry stood in the hallway, took a deep breath, and reached out with her magic to scan her room, then reached into the walls, floor and ceiling.

Her wards hadn’t been tampered with and nothing had been breached. She still wasn’t great at defensive spells other than her barries, so she warned everypony that if they tried to force their way past her spells, her room could explode and take the building with it. Nopony was sure their Princess was serious, except Thorax and his changelings.

They refused to comment.

Flurry yawned, entered, and locked the door behind her, taking in the musty smell and muffled radio from the floor above. She threw the two letters from Celestia and Luna in the wastebasket by her desk and set the Kaiser’s letter on the bed. She teleported her dress away with a crack of blue magic. 

It landed on top of her dresser, fluttering and slightly smoking.

Flurry sighed. It would need to be pressed and cleaned later anyway. Lastly, she removed the simple gold band from under her curly mane and placed it on the dresser, on top of the dress. It was the only piece of regalia she owned, a gift for her eleventh birthday. A Crystal Pony smith had made it from wedding rings donated by unicorns. Most of them had lost their spouses during the war.

It was the only gift she kept. It reminded her of her duty.

Flurry Heart raised up a foreleg and sniffed, recoiling with a soft whicker. She definitely needed to shower before she left, but she wanted to do this now. Flurry Heart sat down on her bed and peeled away the Wonderbolt poster on the ceiling with a burst of magic, revealing a hole in plaster. The walls were too thin to have a proper secret cubbyhole, but the large crack in the ceiling was perfect to slip two folders between her ceiling and the floor above. She pulled the folders down gently with her magic and dusted them off with a flash before replacing the poster. She opened the thinner folder and retrieved her notes, scratch paper, and a pencil. Flurry rolled onto her barrel and set the letter from the Kaiser and her notes side-by-side on the bed as she began to work.

The letter from the desk of Kaiser Grover VI was written in archaic Equestrian, rife with spelling errors, syntax mistakes and enough misused words to confuse any reader. It reminded her of Luna’s letters to her mother. Aunt Twilight would have a fit, she giggled. She received a letter every two or three months since she arrived in Nova Griffonia. Flurry overheard Dusty joke to Jadis once that the Kaiser’s letters were the only reason the trade embargo was not worse. 

His first letter had been depressingly formal, lambasting her for refusing his sanctuary and hospitality and ending with a long string of absurd titles and honorifics for himself full of errors. Thorax had scanned it thoroughly and triple-checked for poison before giving it to her with an apologetic grimace. She threw it in her wastebasket and went to bed with tears in her eyes.

Two days later, Thorax tried to slam her door open. Flurry dispelled her lock and opened it to a grinning Thorax who held up the crumpled letter.

“It’s a code!” His black hooves were stained with ink.

“What?” Flurry yawned. It was four in the morning. She discreetly cast her detection spell as best she could.

Thorax didn't notice. “It’s written in a code! Look at the spelling mistakes, take every third one, then reverse the sequence!" The fin on his head was slightly bent, and he swayed on his hooves like he hadn't slept. "It spells out an abbreviated message in Herzlander,” Thorax explained. “I thought something was off; I never would have caught it if I hadn’t learned Herzlander from the Changeling Army.” Thorax passed Flurry a napkin covered in near illegible scribbles.

Princess Flurry Dog Says Safe

Happy Hear You Radio

Bugs Leave Griffons Angry

Kept Crown Will Give Back

Bye Friend

Flurry blinked, instantly awake, and shifted her eyes between the napkin and the letter.

“You kept it? I threw it out.”

Thorax’s wings rustled. “I thought something was off,” he said as he scraped a hoof on the floor. He left a trail of ink.

“You go through my trash?” Her eyes narrowed.

“No,” Thorax replied defensively. “Arex goes through your trash when she collects it.”

Thorax twitched and shifted his gaze away from Flurry’s stare. "I know it was important to you," he muttered. "The letter didn't make sense if he wanted to help you."

She pulled him into a hug. “Thanks, Uncle. Help me reply?” Flurry asked. Thorax leaned against her and she had to flare her oversized wings to hold him up. "After you get some sleep."

Thorax helped her write back in the same style, using Thorax’s old Herzlander to write a reply hidden in broken and misspelled Aquileian that begged the Kaiser for forgiveness and an end to the war against the Griffonian Republic to the north. The next letter confirmed he found it. She read it on her bed.

Princess Flurry See Reply Found Father

It hadn’t been announced over the radio. Her father was still considered missing.

Sorry Sorry Sorry

Flurry sniffled.

Father Rest Here Secret

He kept his word.

Rest Near My Father

There was a stain on the original letter. Thorax checked and said it was a teardrop.

When Pony Have Empire Father Go Home

Flurry began to cry.

Still Have Crown

She laughed through the tears.

Bye Friend

Flurry held the letter between her forelegs that night.

She kept all the past letters in her other folder, which was starting to get too large to fit in the ceiling. As far as Thorax knew, nopony or griffin had realized Grover was writing her secret messages. The Changelings might be able to figure it out, but they were too busy hunting down resistance in Equestria to deal with Flurry’s fanmail.

Flurry huffed as she worked through her scratch paper with a pencil nub, switching between Grover’s letter and Thorax’s notes. When she was finished, she meticulously copied down the letters in reverse and fetched her Herzlander-Equestrian dictionary from under the bed. She couldn’t speak it and could barely write it; nopony or griffin was eager to teach her the language of the Reich.

Thorax and his changelings knew it, but she imposed far too much of them already just to keep her safe. Changelings had their own language, a beautiful, trilling lilt that chirped and sang, but the Changeling Army and Chrysalis insisted on the harsh, guttural Herzlander as the national language. Thorax said they were trying to copy the most successful army on the planet, but Flurry believed it was just to sound crueler. She flipped through the dictionary and squinted as she translated.

Happy Best Day Princess Flurry

The official letter never used her title, but Grover always included it.

Wish Us Happy Best Day Together

Flurry smiled to herself.

War North Over Near Now

The Griffonian Reich had finally overtaken the Griffonian Republic to the north and the old Kingdom of Vedina after a brutal guerilla war. Vedina surrendered when they lost their capitol, but ships evacuated the remnants of the Republicans across the ocean to Nova Griffonia, where they were welcomed by the government. The Reich was directly across from Nova Griffonia now, and the Blackpeak declared a massive push to increase coastal bunkers and anti-air defenses. A lot of Earth Ponies and Crystal Ponies ended up employed in triple shifts along the coast, building bunkers for little pay.

War South War West

Flurry hummed. It makes sense to attack Wingbardy to the south and the borderlands against the River Republic before they expand their alliance, she thought. 

The River Republic led a coalition of foreign ponies and dogs, uneasily sharing the continent of Griffonia with the Reich. The alliance was born out of griffon aggression into the east of Griffonia centuries ago, and the coalition frequently sent aid and volunteers to the countries that had broken away from Grover. If a war broke out between the coalition and the Reich, the entire continent would be set aflame; their border stretched across most of the continent. With every reconquest by the Reich, the border grew.

Flurry occasionally caught news on the radio. Celestia spoke of the need for unity against the cruelty of the Reich, still calling herself Princess as she and her sister sat in some townhouse at the grace of River Swirl, the Chancellor of the River Republic.

Flurry’s ears twitched as she heard a pop of magic. Her eyes refocused. She had crumpled her scratch paper into a ball that was beginning to smolder in her horn’s field. She cursed and blew it out, before smoothing her paper back out and continuing.

No War River No War There

President Blackpeak would be relieved, Flurry thought with a snort.

Can Come Please Reply Bye Friend

Flurry's breath hitched and she fluttered her wings. I thought the invitation was just a formality, part of the fake letter, but it’s real. It would be trivial to fly across the ocean, even under her own power. It wouldn’t be the first time she started over in a foreign land. Queen Chrysalis never formally ended her alliance with the Reich, but the embassy had been recalled shortly after she fled to Nova Griffonia. Rumors said not everyling returned home, some choosing the Kaiser over the Queen.

Flurry stood up on her bed and cracked her neck. She could almost touch the ceiling and poster with her horn. She hopped down, crossed over to her small desk and sat on her chair, bringing out her ink, quill, and fresh parchment from the drawer. She had to rattle the drawer to close it properly. She drifted over the dictionary with her horn as she began to work.

Grover said he figured out the code on his own; Flurry believed him even if Thorax doubted it. It annoyed her a little that he was clearly smarter than her, but she had more magic than he ever would. She began to write in Herzlander.

Kaiser Grover,

Thank you for birthday wish. I happy. I wish Boreas and ancestors with you for future. 

North griffons come. Griffons mean here. Mean to Ponies. Wish Griffons remembered Twilight say Republic better than Reich. (Sorry!)

The Republicans that had just arrived were very hostile to her ponies, seeing them as more monarchists despite their citizenship. The public knowledge that Flurry shared letters with the Kaiser didn’t help, despite the assurances from President Blackpeak.

I want to come. I safe there. I want see you.

Flurry looked over her shoulder at the door as it glowed faintly blue with her locking spell. Thorax and Dusty were probably looking over the satchel of letters.

I must stay. Ponies need Princess. Griffons need Kaiser.

Take back your land.

Bye Friend. 

Flurry's horn lit up as she closed her eyes and concentrated. Flurry pointed her horn at the paper and cast the spell. She shook out her mane and looked down at the blank sheet of paper. The words would only appear for Grover himself when he looked at them; the spell was tied to him. It was a difficult spell, and Dusty and her magic tutor Far Sight had given her a weird look when she picked it out of an old book. The spell required a piece of the person it was meant to go to, like blood, hair, or saliva.

Flurry used the stain on the second letter, a teardrop. Grover's first letter after she used it was amazed at her magic.

Princess Flurry

How How How

Eros No See

See Me Stare Blank Page

Think I Mad Like Nobles

She wrote back after she stopped laughing. In her reply, she deflected it as ‘alicorn magic.’ Grover never pressed beyond that.

Flurry flipped the paper over and began to write a more vague, diplomatic reply in a mix of Aquileian and Equestrian.

From the desk of Flurry Heart,

She is overjoyed to receive the well-wishes of the Kaiser, and urges him to seek a peaceful resolution to any conflicts…

She continued for the rest of the page, filling it with foalish nonsense. Thorax would read her ‘official’ reply, sigh, knowing she was hiding her true thoughts, and pass it along. The Nova Griffonians would read it and dismiss her as a foal and useful puppet, shipping the letter back to the Reich and Grover. The Imperial Court of the Reich and the Regent would read her letter and laugh at her naivety.

Grover would flip the letter over and smile.

Princess Flurry Heart folded the letter and slipped it into the envelope from Grover, leaving it on her desk with the ink and quill. She placed his letter with the others in the folder, then stuffed the dictionary back under her bed. The poster came down again and the folders were safely tucked away between floors. Flurry laid back on her bed and stuck the poster to the ceiling. She levitated her clock over and set her alarm for two hours.

She would wake up, shower, and get on the radio this evening, shilling for Blackpeak’s reelection and thanking everyone for a memorable birthday. When she returned home, she would begin replying to the letters from her Ponies and Aquileians. She would go the Aquiliean Veteran’s Hall tomorrow and thank the republicans and their families that welcomed her and her father to their home. She would write back to everypony and griffin herself, even if it left her with a week-long horn cramp.

Next week, she would practice at the makeshift shooting range with Dusky Mark for the first time, then practice ice and fire spells with Far Sight at the junkyard. Her laser could cut through reinforced plating now. Thorax didn't approve of her training, but her guards were eager to aid their Princess.

Princess Flurry Heart turned on her pillow and stared at the little crown on her dresser until she fell asleep.
> Part Six
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------

Flurry Heart brought the rifle up again and slammed the trigger with the side of her hoof. The rifle kicked into her shoulder as she worked the bolt with her magic, chambering in another round.

The glass bottle on the fence exploded.

She braced, took aim at the next bottle, and fired again. She moved down the fence, picking off stationary bottles. After three more shots, Flurry crouched and removed a new stripper clip from the pouch on her flank with a flash of magic.

“On the left!”

Flurry dropped the clip in her magic, catching it on an outstretched hoof. Her horn flashed as she pulled the revolver from the holster on her other flank and looked to the left. She brought the revolver to her eye and fired off six shots. While she fired, she rammed the clip into the bolt-action rifle and cycled it by hoof. She dropped the pistol in her magic and braced the rifle back against her shoulder, one forehoof on the open trigger and the other braced on the frame.

“Panzer on the right!”

Flurry turned and fired a blast from her horn. The tips of her short-cut mane blackened from the heat.

A glass bottle flew at her head from above.

Flurry barely brought up a shield in time. The bottle shattered a hoof from her muzzle as she stared wide-eyed.

“Hey!” Flurry glared at the griffon hovering above her. “You didn’t call out!”

“Sometimes there is no warning, Princess,” the brown griffon shouted back down.

“Do not throw bottles directly at the Princess, Duskcrest!” Dusty shouted. “How many bucking times do I have to tell you!?”

“I do it to hear your adorable swears,” Duskcrest answered to the mare standing several hooves behind Flurry.

“You’ll hear a lot worse later!”

“Oh,” Duskcrest laughed, landing to Flurry’s left and adjusting his old forest jacket. “Is that a promise?” he asked, smiling.

Flurry didn’t have to look behind her to know Dusty was blushing.

“Besides,” he continued, “you should have stopped the Princess after her little trick with the revolver.” He looked at Flurry and waved towards the bottles lined up on an old truck engine to her left.

Flurry dropped the shield around her muzzle and set the safety on the rifle before looking over. She scowled.

Four out of six bottles to her right were still standing on the old truck engine. They were easily within pistol range. She was in a scrapyard outside Evergreen, the largest city in the mountains. It had been converted into a shooting range for the town’s militia.

She picked up the revolver with her hooves and opened the cylinder, ejecting the spent cases. She brought the sights up to her eye again. “It’s not aligned right.”

“It’s my gun,” Dusty answered, walking up to Flurry’s right. She took the pistol from Flurry’s hooves with a flick of gray magic and loaded a single cartridge. She took aim down the range with the pistol in her magic. Dusty squinted, exhaled and fired.

One of the bottles shattered. Flurry was aiming at those with her rifle.

“The sights are fine, Princess,” Dusty said and holstered the pistol.

Flurry sat on her flank and crossed her hooves before lighting up her horn. The remaining bottles downrange glowed blue  and shattered in her grip. Duskcrest reached out with a claw and flicked her ear.

“Yes, your horn is your greatest weapon,” Duskcrest sighed, “but it is not your only one.”

He gestured at the bottles on the engine. “You are fast, but that is nothing without accuracy. You are trying to do too many things at once.” He pointed at the sandbags around Flurry. “Use your cover and take your time.”

Dusty walked over to the metal plate propped up by some large rocks on the right. She winced and shook her graying mane. “Well, you punched through the reinforced plate and definitely killed the crew, but if there’s one panzer, there’s at least a dozen more rumbling behind.”

Flurry sighed and brushed her stubby curls aside. She had cut her mane and tail almost indecently short, if not for her white cargo pants and jacket. She couldn’t wear a helmet; the heat from her lasers would melt it to her head.

“If I had a submachine gun or an automatic rifle, I wouldn’t have to take my time,” Flurry remarked.

“I wish I had one of those, too!” Duskcrest laughed. “Can you ask Blackpeak to loan us some instead of sending them to the coast guards?”

"We work with what we have, Princess," Dusty rebuked.

Duskcrest patted her head. “You’re a better shot at fourteen than I was, and I spent my youth as a bandit in our mountains."

“Great,” Flurry replied.

Colonel Duskcrest backed the attempted coup just before the Great War. Nova Griffonia long depended on local militias instead of a professional army. The general he followed, Erwin Highhill, rallied the underpaid militias in the mountains, promising them reform and appreciation. He flew down from the mountains and took the provisional government by complete surprise, but failed to take the capitol building in Weter and was arrested on its steps.

The struggling Republic couldn’t afford to arrest and disband all of the soldiers that followed Highhill as the war between Equestria and the Changeling Lands raged at their southern and western border. The provisional government instead returned them to the mountains to help the massive amount of pony refugees settle in their homes. They demoted the commanders and lent them no support to deal with the refugees.

Flurry guessed that the government wanted the exiled griffons to get distracted squabbling over their homes with the ponies; it worked for several years. Ponies formed competing militias to defend themselves against banditry and extortion.

Flurry Heart’s arrival changed that. Her tours and interest in the mountains gave her Ponies hope, and that hope began to spread to the griffons that lived uneasily beside her ponies before radiating out to the militias. Militias of ponies and griffons merged and began to work together as violence between the races died down. The economists in Weter saw the beginning of slow economic growth and sighed with relief, ignoring the issue.

Of course, none of the government money went to the griffons and ponies in the mountains. President Blackpeak and the Republicans were focused on the coast, reinforcing it against the Reich. They were content to let Flurry play with her ponies, placating them and ensuring that they paid their taxes as good citizens. Her ponies were still poor, but they were poor together with the griffons. Duskcrest attended Flurry's birthday party when she turned thirteen, presenting her with a silver-plated revolver.

"For my nephew, he would have died of Feather Flu."

Flurry Heart heard that an epidemic was sweeping through several mountain towns, affecting pegasi and griffons alike. Weter had stockpiled medicine for the major cities, but there were few doctors inland, even among the ponies. There was a simple spell to relieve the worst symptoms, but even the strongest unicorn couldn't cast it several times a day, everyday. Flurry made an emergency trip to the mountains, dragging along a unicorn doctor to learn the spell.

She did not sleep for three nights, teleporting and flying from town to village, outpacing her desperate guards. She dragged herself into the last village, bleeding from the nose. It was an all-griffon village halfway up the highest peak on the Nova Griffonian side of the border. Flurry looked bad enough that the griffons assumed she was dying of the flu herself and avoided her. She stumbled into the schoolhouse, then makeshift clinic, and lit up her horn. She didn't quite pass out, but Thorax's changelings had no problems subduing her and dragging her back to Weter when they finally caught up to her.

It took her a month of bedrest to recover, then another three months before she was allowed outside her room. But the death toll was in the single digits when it could have been in the thousands. She had prioritized her Ponies, but she came for the griffons when no griffon from Weter would. There were a lot of stereotypes about griffin greed, but they would pay back a debt.

Flurry waved a wing at the silver revolver when Duskcrest offered it. "Give it to your nephew and teach him to use it."

"As you command, Princess," he replied. The griffons that arrived with him to the party nodded.

Her griffons, she thought with a smile as she shrugged at Duskcrest. "I'm glad to hear I'm a better shot than a fourteen-year-old, filthy bandit." On paper in Weter, he commanded a force of five hundred. In practice, he led a combined militia of five thousand, and held the loyalty of a two dozen smaller militias all over the Crystal Mountains. 

He laughed. “Highhill was a fast shot, but he was too reckless. Speed didn’t save him from the noose.” He passed Flurry a canteen, pouring a bit of water into his beak in front of her. She took it in her magic.

Flurry trusted him, but she appreciated the gesture. Dusty walked around the yard and squinted at the setting sun. “One more hour, Princess, then back to Evergreen.” 

Flurry nodded. A few bat ponies and griffons patrolled overhead as she drank from the canteen.

Officially, she wasn’t here; she was in Weter. Every month, Flurry Heart would travel into the mountains for two days to practice while Falx imitated her voice from her room if anypony came by. Thorax knew, of course, and it drove him crazy that she would do this every month.

Thorax does more dangerous things every week, she snorted to herself.

Thorax did more than help the government root out Changeling spies for Chrysalis. He lived in Weter to work with the black market at the port, running smuggled gems from the mountains to unicorns for dubious enchantments. The gems went to the Reich and embargoed amenities came in. He confessed to her at thirteen that most of the ghetto in Weter was involved. The ghetto was nicknamed ‘Ponyville’ by Weter Radio, but no one dared say it to Flurry’s muzzle. Flurry’s guards were funded by crime. Technically, everything Flurry depended on was funded by crime.

Her magic tutor Far Sight made a living enchanting stolen gems. “I could work in Triton’s Armories casting spells on rifles for half as much,” he explained, “or I could do it for Thorax and feed my niece and nephew.” He was a mustard-yellow unicorn with a brown mane. Before the war, he was a professor from Trottingham. He still wore his tweed jacket, now significantly patched and scuffed.

“Who does Thorax work for, then?” Flurry asked, looking up from her notebook and old spell tome.

Far Sight paused for a moment too long while writing on the magical blackboard he summoned in her room. Flurry coughed, and he dispelled it and turned to her. He opened his mouth to lie, but Flurry’s glare made him reconsider.

“Thorax runs it, doesn’t he?” She asked, more as a statement than a question.

He nodded.

“Does he hurt Ponies?”

He hesitated again. “Usually not.” Flurry thought about Gunner, leaning against his truck with a bloody beak.

I questioned him thoroughly.

I thought he did it to protect me, she thought.

Her magic lesson ended early that day.

Flurry avoided the conversation with Thorax. He avoided talking to her about it as well, even though Far Sight certainly told him. Thorax lived poorly in a tenement beside ponies and changelings. He cherished what little free time he spent with her, reading a dog-eared book with poor binding or using the rare bit of chocolate to make cocoa. No matter how often Flurry hugged him and called him family, he still looked lean and tired. 

This isn't something he does for fun, Flurry decided. He does it for me, and it’s killing him.

Flurry Heart had lived in Nova Griffonia for four years, and her Ponies still suffered and lived like refugees and criminals. Any improvement to their lives came from her, not the government. Triton Blackpeak was two years into his second term and he had still accomplished little of his promises to them.

The remnants of the Griffonian Republic had organized into an opposing political party led by the son of their dead President. Alexander Kemerskai Junior was a decade older than Flurry. He met her only once, an accident when she arrived for a photo opportunity with Blackpeak at the Capitol Building in downtown Weter. He sneered at her in the hallway to the Rotunda, spying the golden band under her blue and pink mane.

“It is disgraceful that a proud Republic would allow you to strut about wearing that,” he scoffed with a heavy accent. Kemerskai wore a faded green camo jacket and pants with a green cap. He dressed like he was still in a command tent.

“This?” Flurry pretended not to understand, and gestured to her white dress with pink flowers and ruffles. It was stiff and made her wings cramp, but it looked nice in a photograph.

He squawked a laugh and pointed at the simple crown. “That,” he spat. “You are a shining example of the downfall of hereditary rule.”

So are you, she thought, but instead said, “Thank you for the compliment, Mister Kemerskai,” and dipped her wings in a bow. He stalked away with his entourage, laughing at her naivety. Flurry kept her muzzle still.

Kemerskai dreamed of grinding the Reich against Nova Griffonian shores, then returning triumphantly to Griffenheim and avenging his father. He harnessed the discontent of a few native griffins that were upset about losing jobs to cheaper pony labor, but he had two more years to campaign and make promises. The next election would occur after Flurry Heart turned sixteen and was legally an adult. If Kemerskai won, he would demand she become a citizen and renounce her crown, if not worse. 

Flurry had to be ready. She would not flee again. Her Ponies, nearly a million strong, would stand with her. The griffons in the hills and mountains would back their pony neighbors against the government. The Aquileians had been allies to Griffonian Republic, but Kemerskai publicly blamed the war’s loss on them. Flurry Heart made overtures to them every year on her birthday, and ‘Little Flurry’ had gradually sounded more like a title than a gesture of affection from the Aquileians. 

If it came to it, they might not fight for her, but they might not fight for Kemerskai, either.

Like everything, the true challenge came down to Chrysalis. If Nova Griffonia tore itself apart during a civil war, Changeling panzers had free reign to storm in and declare victory. If the Griffonian Reich invaded, the Changelings could sweep in from the south and west. The mountains and tundra would make progress slow, but Nova Griffonia could not fight a two-front war. Her Ponies would suffer first.

Flurry Heart set the canteen down and looked at the rifle. It was an old bolt-action rifle from the beginning of the Great War; the purple paint had worn away, leaving gray smears along brown wood. She had been using it for two years. Flurry felt the magic around the rifle, the imprint left behind by previous owners. Flurry found that weapons took auras based on who held them and used them. Dusty’s pistol had killed once; she carried it since the war. It felt like loyalty bordering on stubbornness and pride.

The rifle was different. The rifle had not been fired it battle; it had not killed. There was an old aura of fear and terror around it. 

Flurry Heart looked back at the pants covering her bare flank. Most colts and fillies had a cutie mark by fourteen. She still told no one about her sense, not Far Sight, Dusty or Thorax. It seemed to be entirely unique to her. She closed her eyes and focused on the rifle. 

A pony died holding it, alone and afraid. A filly, barely older than me, fresh out of training. She was at the front, terrified. She remembered Celestia’s voice on the radio and climbed out of the trench. A shot knocked her down. Another pony took the rifle as they ran. It traded hooves quickly-

“Princess?”

Flurry Heart snapped her head back up and glanced sheepishly at Duskcrest. Dusty also looked concerned.

“Sorry, I was thinking,” she said. “Where’s this rifle from, again?”

“You've asked that before,” Dusty commented.

“One of the old stockpiles from after the war,” Duskcrest answered easily. “Most of the militias use semi-automatics now, but these work fine in an ambush.” He wagged a wing at her. “When I’m impressed with your accuracy, we’ll upgrade.”

“You don’t want me to break your fancy guns?” Flurry asked.

Duskcrest gave an exaggerated, wide-eyed look at the smoking hole in the armor sheet across from him. “Of course not, Princess.”

Flurry laughed.

“Princess!” A green pegasus in flannel flew towards the junkyard from the direction of Evergreen. The guards flying around the scrapyard unslung their rifles and shotguns and faced him, shouting threats.

“Princess!” He waved his forelegs desperately, but didn’t stop.

Dusty drew and loaded her revolver as Duskcrest pulled out his own pistol.

Flurry Heart summoned a bubble shield around the Pegasus, trapping him midair. He slammed against the barrier, slumping down against the bottom of the bubble. His nose was gushing blood. He continued to wave down at Flurry Heart and shout, now muffled. She drifted the blue bubble closer.

“He could have a bomb,” Dusty warned.

“It’ll have to be a bomb bigger than him to break my shield,” Flurry replied distractedly. Flurry recognized the pegasus. He was Tree Trimmer, one of the managers of the logging company in Evergreen.

“Princess!” Tree Trimmer shouted through the shield, bowing awkwardly. A few of the patrolling griffons and ponies flapped their wings around the bubble, weapons ready.

“Princess, battle,” he gasped, voice nasally. Blood kept streaming down his muzzle. “There’s a battle!”

Flurry’s chest tightened. “Where?”

“We need to leave,” Dusty commanded. Duskcrest nodded.

He shook his head. “No, battle!” He gasped again. “Manehatten! On radio!”

Flurry blinked. She was so shocked that the bubble disappeared with a soft pop and Tree Trimmer fell twenty hooves to the ground. He didn’t flap his wings in time. He landed hard and his forelegs buckled, but he kept his eyes on Flurry.

“It’s started!” He was crying. “It started!”

Flurry seized Duskcrest and Dusty in her magic field and hugged them against her. She teleported to Evergreen with a crack.
